
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11843794128                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538945857036                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 397447                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   505528                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 293167                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67760068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40399.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16056664079                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20423093367                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       247680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       448128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       257152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       405248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       448896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       407040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       163200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       256128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       448768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       255872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       447488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4467072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1099264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1099264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 34899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8588                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8588                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       410679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     37836524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21711961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34216062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     37901368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     34367365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       421487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13779368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21625503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     37890561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21603888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     37782487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               377165624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       410679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       421487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5825160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          92813501                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               92813501                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          92813501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       410679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     37836524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21711961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34216062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     37901368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     34367365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       421487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13779368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21625503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     37890561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21603888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     37782487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              469979125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2074637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700694                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808197                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19826671                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11809209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2074637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1020782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2595110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        586719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2000753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1223923                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24800263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       22205153     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         280036      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         323125      1.30%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178344      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         207312      0.84%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         113355      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          77464      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         201783      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1213691      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24800263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.415782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19661445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      2169418                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2574443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19370                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336981                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14417421                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11356                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19692311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        466245                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1616403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2563650                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        86067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14407549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        40349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20011491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67087433                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67087433                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2985955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3859                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          233651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380407                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       749871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       165753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3867                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13569915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4266035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          524                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24800263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19084411     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298625      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234739      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854120      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       748261      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383650      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91499      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60500      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44458      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24800263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3325     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13238     44.28%     55.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13336     44.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11355611     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212335      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256693      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743618      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13569915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29899                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51989258                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16225517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13339908                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13599814                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251666                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19326                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          530                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        422592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13781                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380407                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116390                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233825                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13366621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1922650                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1868545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           743389                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470616                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13340199                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13339908                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7930579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20778752                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2115251                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24424682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19412056     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324592      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975252      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584313      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405299      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261144      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136726      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109023      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216277      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24424682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       216277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           38592275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29143477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                306952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3602122                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.840238                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.840238                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.352083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.352083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60294368                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18509544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13452068                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1935496                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1746318                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103550                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       733777                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         689521                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106285                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4488                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20510998                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12166173                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1935496                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       795806                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2404673                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        327074                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2722820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1178735                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       103786                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     25859475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.854721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23454802     90.70%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          85369      0.33%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         175532      0.68%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          73699      0.28%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         398390      1.54%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         355828      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          68897      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         144692      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1102266      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     25859475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068146                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.428350                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20300006                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2935404                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2395701                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         7628                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       220731                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       169860                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          253                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14265161                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1558                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       220731                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20327904                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2717809                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       123020                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2378202                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        91802                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14256356                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           46                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        46317                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        30526                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          885                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     16749451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     67136602                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     67136602                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     14805803                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1943641                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          845                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          215589                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3359148                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1697057                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15321                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        83332                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14225850                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1670                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13657024                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7920                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1128907                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2725324                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25859475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20957546     81.04%     81.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1494980      5.78%     86.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210894      4.68%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       523027      2.02%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       655006      2.53%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       619746      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352920      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27947      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17409      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25859475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34380     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       262606     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7661      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8572707     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119221      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          817      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3271672     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1692607     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13657024                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.480841                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304647                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53486090                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15356790                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13538677                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13961671                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24584                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135060                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          365                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11336                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1207                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       220731                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2649061                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25991                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14227537                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          170                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3359148                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1697057                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          365                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59562                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61705                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       121267                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13560537                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3260901                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96487                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            4953326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1776071                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1692425                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.477444                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13539119                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13538677                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7317199                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14455002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.476674                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506205                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10988288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12912648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1316345                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1651                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       105577                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25638744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20937949     81.67%     81.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1730143      6.75%     88.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       805983      3.14%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       792141      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218751      0.85%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907462      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69089      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50540      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       126686      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25638744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10988288                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12912648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              4909806                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             3224085                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1704875                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11482675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       125025                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       126686                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           39741012                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          28678747                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                442246                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2542910                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10988288                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12912648                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10988288                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.584787                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.584787                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.386879                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.386879                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       67028850                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      15730426                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      16973240                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2458714                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2046749                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225294                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939830                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         898804                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264450                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10455                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21392752                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             13484361                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2458714                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1163254                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2810996                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        628364                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1968505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           78                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1330197                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215443                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     26575559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       23764563     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         172266      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         216946      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         345904      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         145176      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         186523      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         216804      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          99797      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1427580      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     26575559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086567                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.474762                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       21269090                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2106662                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2797679                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       400739                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       374401                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     16486754                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       400739                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       21290915                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         69138                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1977361                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2777206                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        60193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     16386143                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        41765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     22881372                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     76198321                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     76198321                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     19120572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3760791                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3960                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          211383                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1538257                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       802030                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9038                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       180101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         15999056                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3975                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        15338110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15955                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1963085                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4011025                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26575559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20077910     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2962335     11.15%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1211870      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       679461      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       919728      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283732      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279380      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149344      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11799      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26575559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105944     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14502     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13707     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12920785     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209442      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1896      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1406690      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       799297      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     15338110                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.540029                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134153                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57401887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17966206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14936648                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     15472263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11357                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295481                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12234                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       400739                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         52883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6827                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16003037                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11893                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1538257                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       802030                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2064                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5973                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132668                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126815                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       259483                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15069885                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1383038                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       268225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2182206                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2130995                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           799168                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.530585                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14936769                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14936648                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8947926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        24039927                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.525894                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11124024                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13707357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2295731                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3825                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       227006                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26174820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20372850     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2940346     11.23%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1068475      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530637      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486941      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204335      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202480      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96217      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272539      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26174820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11124024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13707357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2032568                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1242772                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1986845                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        12341065                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       283044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       272539                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           41905291                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          32406942                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                327100                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1826826                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11124024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13707357                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11124024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.553247                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.553247                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.391658                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.391658                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       67803640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      20869831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15242896                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2456970                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2045281                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225122                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939179                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         898177                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264262                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10448                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21377828                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             13475004                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2456970                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1162439                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2809056                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        627894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1993233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1329262                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215281                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     26585589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       23776533     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         172152      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         216808      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         345667      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         145079      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         186388      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         216653      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          99718      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1426591      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     26585589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086506                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.474432                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       21256681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2131327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2795753                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       400441                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       374143                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     16475304                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       400441                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       21278492                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         69106                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      2002099                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2775292                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        60152                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     16374769                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         8678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        41739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     22865455                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     76145413                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     76145413                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     19107324                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3758122                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3959                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          211256                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1537194                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       801492                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9036                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       179969                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15987888                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3975                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        15327399                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15944                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1961699                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4008288                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26585589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20092448     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2960301     11.13%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1211018      4.56%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       679004      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       919066      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283533      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279207      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149217      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11795      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26585589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105859     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14497     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13701     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12911736     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209294      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1895      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1405715      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798759      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     15327399                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.539652                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134057                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57390388                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17953652                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14926232                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     15461456                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11351                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295287                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12230                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       400441                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         52850                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6819                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15991869                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1537194                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       801492                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2064                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5965                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132575                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126713                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       259288                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15059373                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1382074                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       268026                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2180704                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2129478                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           798630                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.530215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14926352                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14926232                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8941717                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        24023123                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.525527                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11116370                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13697869                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2294060                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3825                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       226834                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26185148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20387191     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2938322     11.22%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1067700      4.08%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530293      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486618      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204189      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202347      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96135      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272353      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26185148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11116370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13697869                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2031169                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1241907                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1985436                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        12332556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       282849                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       272353                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           41904646                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          32384320                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                326874                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1816796                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11116370                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13697869                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11116370                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.555005                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.555005                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.391389                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.391389                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       67756430                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      20855224                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15232354                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2455379                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2044000                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       224986                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       938545                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         897566                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264071                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10438                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21363142                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             13466279                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2455379                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1161637                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2807196                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        627516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2009389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1328366                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215148                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     26586547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23779351     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         172026      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         216661      0.81%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         345439      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         144976      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         186250      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         216508      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          99637      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1425699      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     26586547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086450                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.474125                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       21243743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2147315                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2793902                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1384                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       400201                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       373872                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     16464579                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       400201                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       21265539                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         68994                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      2018241                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2773459                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        60106                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     16364113                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         8675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        41709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     22850738                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     76095832                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     76095832                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     19094682                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3756056                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3955                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2062                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          211105                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1536151                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       800929                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9027                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       179857                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15977411                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3971                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        15317309                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1960529                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4005780                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26586547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20097745     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2958310     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210191      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       678540      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       918448      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283371      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279029      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149128      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11785      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26586547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105803     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14483     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13688     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12903295     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209172      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1893      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1404752      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798197      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     15317309                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.539297                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            133974                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57371074                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17942001                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14916380                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     15451283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295079                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12219                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       400201                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         52783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6811                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15981388                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1536151                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       800929                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5957                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132490                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126644                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       259134                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15049421                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1381132                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       267888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2179200                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2128067                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           798068                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529865                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14916499                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14916380                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8935833                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        24007473                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.525181                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11108952                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13688740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2292707                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       226696                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26186346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522743                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20392292     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2936327     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1067019      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       529896      2.02%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486280      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204058      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202216      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96083      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272175      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26186346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11108952                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13688740                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2029782                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1241072                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1984120                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        12324309                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       282653                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       272175                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           41895540                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          32363113                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                326636                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1815838                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11108952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13688740                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11108952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.556711                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.556711                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.391127                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.391127                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       67711671                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      20841625                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15222398                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28402165                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1940690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1737535                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155347                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1312377                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1282275                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112938                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20598021                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11032966                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1940690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1395213                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2459727                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        511657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       840142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1246834                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       152111                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     24253362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21793635     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         380774      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         185026      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         375417      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         115230      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         349345      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          53302      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          86611      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         914022      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     24253362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068329                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.388455                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20406331                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1036857                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2454652                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2020                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       353501                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       178719                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1971                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12300823                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4646                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       353501                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20428645                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        685134                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       282069                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2432222                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        71785                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12281246                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        55055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     16052115                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     55592891                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     55592891                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     12984317                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3067675                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1598                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          810                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          164447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2253575                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       349892                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3113                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        79609                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12215836                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11426663                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7679                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2228307                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4584672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24253362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19241336     79.33%     79.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1556025      6.42%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1706762      7.04%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       976724      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       496507      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124214      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145519      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3470      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2805      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24253362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18840     57.34%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7747     23.58%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6271     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8936090     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86975      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          790      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2056281     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346527      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11426663                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.402317                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32858                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47147225                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14445781                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11135364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11459521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8698                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       461874                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8984                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       353501                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        604182                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12217444                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          483                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2253575                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349892                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          808                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4077                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          248                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104812                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59648                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       164460                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11284856                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2028146                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141807                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2374635                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1718747                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           346489                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.397324                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11138290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11135364                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6746587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14540461                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.392060                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463987                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8887716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      9972344                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2245519                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1590                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       154186                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23899861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20205710     84.54%     84.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1438809      6.02%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       936893      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       291685      1.22%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       493667      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93991      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59363      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        54051      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       325692      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23899861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8887716                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      9972344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2132577                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1791669                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1533299                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         8704484                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       121385                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       325692                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35792006                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          24789584                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                464484                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               4148803                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8887716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             9972344                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8887716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.195665                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.195665                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.312924                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.312924                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       52512350                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      14473966                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13124430                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1988646                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1626662                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196198                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       821229                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         781757                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203716                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8809                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19276939                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11286980                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1988646                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       985473                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2363642                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        572451                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1005424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1187691                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197235                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23017977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20654335     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         128499      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         201825      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         320818      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         133426      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         149271      0.65%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         159158      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         103990      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1166655      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23017977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070017                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.397396                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19093452                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1190746                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2355858                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6224                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       371696                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       325543                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13779261                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1627                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       371696                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19123812                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        244856                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       859390                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2332289                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        85921                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13768713                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2860                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        23930                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        32176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4673                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19110847                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     64046048                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     64046048                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16263435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2847407                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3557                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1983                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          259207                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1313427                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       705299                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21174                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       160165                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13746844                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3569                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12990088                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16809                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1772367                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3983756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          394                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23017977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17539572     76.20%     76.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2200075      9.56%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1201397      5.22%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       820388      3.56%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       766060      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219953      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171786      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58634      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40112      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23017977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3080     12.74%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9367     38.76%     51.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11720     48.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10881698     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       205659      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1573      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1200662      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       700496      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12990088                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.457359                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24167                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49039129                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15522932                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12778954                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13014255                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39108                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239921                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           41                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22640                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          832                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       371696                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        171361                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12045                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13750436                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1313427                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       705299                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1983                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8896                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113276                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112782                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       226058                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12803548                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1129104                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       186540                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1829241                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1800961                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           700137                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.450791                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12779164                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12778954                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7473133                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19523300                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.449925                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382780                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9553333                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11709947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2040608                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3175                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       200093                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22646281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17891097     79.00%     79.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2303228     10.17%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       896864      3.96%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       483681      2.14%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360736      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201587      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125131      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111373      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272584      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22646281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9553333                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11709947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1756165                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1073506                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1584                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1680760                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10551701                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       237923                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       272584                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36124187                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27872845                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                314499                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               5384408                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9553333                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11709947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9553333                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.973034                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.973034                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.336357                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.336357                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       57735570                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17713843                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12851817                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1933816                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1744570                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103663                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       728268                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         688594                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106274                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4554                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20506603                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12159016                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1933816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       794868                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2402967                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        327193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      2720249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1178430                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       103940                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     25850810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.854671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23447843     90.70%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          85363      0.33%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         174675      0.68%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          73726      0.29%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         398000      1.54%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         355665      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          68928      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         145023      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1101587      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     25850810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068086                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.428098                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20286658                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2941779                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2394037                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7589                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       220742                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       169940                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14258175                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1537                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       220742                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20315073                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2716975                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       128338                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2376271                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        93404                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14249652                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        47547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        30943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          956                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     16741401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     67108060                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     67108060                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     14799008                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1942375                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          847                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          219007                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3357831                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1696364                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15228                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        83106                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14219581                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1667                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13650168                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1129668                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2730264                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25850810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.318499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20946137     81.03%     81.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1498060      5.80%     86.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214240      4.70%     91.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       522645      2.02%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       653602      2.53%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       618482      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352137      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28003      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17504      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25850810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34326     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       262006     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7658      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8567936     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119229      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          816      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3270292     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1691895     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13650168                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.480599                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303990                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022270                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53463074                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15351286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13531971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13954158                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24537                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135390                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          373                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11519                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1203                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       220742                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2646216                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26937                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14221260                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3357831                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1696364                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16494                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          373                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61656                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       121079                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13553974                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3259462                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            4951172                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1775212                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1691710                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.477213                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13532404                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13531971                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7313350                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        14452418                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.476438                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506030                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10982984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12906565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1316031                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1647                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       105689                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25630068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20929834     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1731076      6.75%     88.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       806586      3.15%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       791400      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       219119      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       905404      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69043      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50485      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127121      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25630068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10982984                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12906565                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              4907271                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             3222431                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               822                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1704135                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11477257                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       124990                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       127121                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           39725504                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          28665983                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                441621                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2551575                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10982984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12906565                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10982984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.586035                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.586035                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.386692                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.386692                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       66995929                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      15722890                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      16963797                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1644                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1996945                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1633148                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196906                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       822487                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         784786                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204669                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8796                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19358568                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11332419                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1996945                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       989455                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2372991                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        573912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       974319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1192499                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197902                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23078567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20705576     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         128962      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         202806      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         322360      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         134133      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         149493      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         159663      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         104173      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1171401      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23078567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070309                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.398995                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19173357                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1161346                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2365323                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         6122                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       372418                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       327214                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13832720                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1605                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       372418                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19203846                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        256724                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       815697                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2341575                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        88294                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13822223                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         2550                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        23962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        32447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6711                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19186580                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     64291500                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     64291500                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16334311                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2852269                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3548                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1964                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          260052                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1317721                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       708244                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21274                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       160860                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13800582                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3557                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13046522                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17024                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1769750                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3972708                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          371                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23078567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17576295     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2208680      9.57%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1207331      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       824660      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       769733      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220334      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172606      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58462      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40466      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23078567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3123     12.81%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9465     38.83%     51.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11788     48.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10928661     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       206551      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1580      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1206157      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       703573      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13046522                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.459346                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24376                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49213011                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15574046                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12834235                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13070898                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39380                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239535                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           43                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22619                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          826                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       372418                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        184351                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12189                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13804157                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1317721                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708244                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1966                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113851                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113334                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       227185                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12859387                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1134585                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187135                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1837841                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1809562                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           703256                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.452757                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12834424                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12834235                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7505043                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        19599598                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.451872                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382918                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9594935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11761018                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2043219                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3186                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       200837                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22706149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17930226     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2313002     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       901006      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       486309      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       361643      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       202482      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       126013      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111727      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273741      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22706149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9594935                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11761018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1763811                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1078186                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1590                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1688119                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10597708                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       238967                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       273741                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36236580                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          27980933                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                315632                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               5323818                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9594935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11761018                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9594935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.960144                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.960144                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.337821                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.337821                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       57985446                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17790638                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12904219                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2455169                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2043817                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       224965                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       938471                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         897494                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264053                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10438                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21361520                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             13465110                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2455169                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1161547                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2806958                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        627454                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2014615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1328262                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215134                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     26586752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       23779794     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         172020      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         216636      0.81%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         345406      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         144965      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         186239      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         216489      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          99631      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1425572      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     26586752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.474084                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       21239005                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2152533                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2793669                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       400160                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       373845                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     16463185                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       400160                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       21260796                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         69003                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2023458                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2773230                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        60098                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     16362760                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        41704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     22848804                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     76089563                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     76089563                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     19093082                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3755718                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3955                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2062                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          211082                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1536038                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       800875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9027                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       179839                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         15976089                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3971                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        15316029                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1960390                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4005562                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26586752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20098464     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2958071     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210115      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       678507      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       918347      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283342      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279017      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149105      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11784      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26586752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105788     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14483     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13688     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12902197     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209148      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1893      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1404648      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798143      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     15316029                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.539252                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            133959                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57368704                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17940540                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14915136                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     15449988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295064                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12219                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       400160                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         52787                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6811                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15980066                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11868                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1536038                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       800875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5958                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132479                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126630                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       259109                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15048177                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1381031                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       267852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2179045                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2127889                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           798014                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.529821                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14915256                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14915136                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8935083                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        24005509                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.525137                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11108030                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13687601                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2292432                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       226675                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26186591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20393000     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2936093     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1066938      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       529854      2.02%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486246      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204045      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202194      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96071      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272150      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26186591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11108030                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13687601                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2029630                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1240974                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1983950                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        12323292                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       282631                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       272150                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           41894396                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          32360337                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                326617                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1815633                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11108030                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13687601                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11108030                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.556924                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.556924                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.391095                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.391095                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       67706080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      20839843                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      15221105                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2198866                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1799061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215797                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904300                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         863514                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21151788                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12294388                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2198866                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1090688                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2565673                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        590593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1147771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1295273                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215904                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     25237227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       22671554     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         119947      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         190277      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         256765      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         263962      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         224042      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         125249      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         185550      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1199881      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     25237227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077418                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.432865                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20935476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1366228                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2560760                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         3028                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       371733                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       361788                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15082184                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1531                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       371733                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20993197                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        180361                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1053693                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2506776                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       131465                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15075575                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        19401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        56419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     21038158                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     70129915                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     70129915                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     18215986                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2822170                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3719                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1927                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          393676                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1411277                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       764278                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9062                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       174504                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15055546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14291452                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1675217                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4017856                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25237227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19195548     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2479271      9.82%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258941      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       952729      3.78%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746545      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301144      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190667      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        98846      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13536      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25237227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2663     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8749     36.43%     47.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12605     52.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12018552     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213397      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1295969      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       761743      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14291452                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.503178                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24017                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001681                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53846447                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16734556                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14074261                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14315469                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29345                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       227618                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11266                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       371733                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        148176                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13039                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15059303                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1411277                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       764278                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11048                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124977                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121832                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       246809                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14092228                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1219030                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199224                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1980706                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2002711                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           761676                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.496164                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14074386                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14074261                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8080470                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        21770173                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.495531                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371172                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10619412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13067490                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1991816                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3611                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       218291                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24865494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19507654     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2653486     10.67%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004865      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478903      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400830      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231382      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204264      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91129      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292981      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24865494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10619412                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13067490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1936671                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1183659                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1884524                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11773577                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       269141                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       292981                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           39631741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          30490363                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                322058                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3165158                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10619412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13067490                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10619412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.674572                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.674572                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.373892                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.373892                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       63425843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      19605846                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13983648                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1934474                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732077                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154952                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1307860                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278358                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112897                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4663                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20541339                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10999430                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1934474                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1391255                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2452474                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        510449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       870226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1243350                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151763                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     24218697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21766223     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         379366      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         184657      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         374323      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         114687      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         348562      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          53272      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          86352      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         911255      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     24218697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068110                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.387271                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20348179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1068448                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2447380                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1991                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       352698                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       178011                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1960                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12264931                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       352698                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20370650                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        705354                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       292932                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2424860                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        72197                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12245626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        55476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     16004935                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     55435909                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     55435909                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12945700                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3059235                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          804                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          165143                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247468                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       348763                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3056                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        79393                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12181529                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11395381                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7574                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2223525                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4575268                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24218697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19220299     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1551840      6.41%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1702229      7.03%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974121      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       494689      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124168      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145120      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3444      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2787      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24218697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18647     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7731     23.70%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6239     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8911167     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86773      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2051284     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345369      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11395381                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.401212                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32617                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47049650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14406688                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11103864                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     11427998                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8531                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460976                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8952                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       352698                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        623764                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8615                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12183130                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247468                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348763                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          803                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4204                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          238                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104612                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59323                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       163935                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11253169                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2022158                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142212                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2367496                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1713475                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           345338                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.396205                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11106816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11103864                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6728398                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14507474                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.390948                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.463788                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8861556                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9942732                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2240916                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       153803                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23865999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20182351     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1435120      6.01%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934205      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290926      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491758      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93832      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59129      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53966      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324712      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23865999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8861556                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9942732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2126303                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1786492                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1528783                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8678522                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       120989                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       324712                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35724909                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          24720239                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                462745                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               4183688                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8861556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9942732                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8861556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.205124                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.205124                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.312000                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.312000                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       52365411                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14433146                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13084326                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1937773                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1748065                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103765                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       737642                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         690381                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106700                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4558                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20534826                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12176293                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1937773                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       797081                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2407486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        327690                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      2711031                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1180218                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       104060                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     25874730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23467244     90.70%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          85521      0.33%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         176337      0.68%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          74280      0.29%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         398400      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         355988      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          68783      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         144371      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1103806      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     25874730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068226                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.428707                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20318717                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2928693                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2398604                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         7567                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       221144                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       170350                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          243                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14279131                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1492                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       221144                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20346944                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2705269                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       129234                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2381018                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        91114                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14270322                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           65                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        46033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        30598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          573                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     16768375                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     67199307                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     67199307                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14823579                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1944706                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1665                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          846                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          215906                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3361312                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1698044                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15464                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        83125                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14240601                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1670                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13672371                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8400                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1132906                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2725560                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25874730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20965982     81.03%     81.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1496903      5.79%     86.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213642      4.69%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       524356      2.03%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       655774      2.53%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       619756      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352485      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28326      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17506      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25874730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34305     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       262407     86.22%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7651      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8584387     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119523      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          818      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3274284     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1693359     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13672371                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.481381                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304363                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022261                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53532235                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15375535                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13553427                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13976734                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24702                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          361                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11597                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1206                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       221144                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2634214                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26823                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14242286                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3361312                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1698044                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          361                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59587                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61684                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       121271                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13576008                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3263186                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            4956368                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1778228                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1693182                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.477988                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13553852                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13553427                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7324722                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        14471632                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.477193                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506143                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10998737                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12925524                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1318205                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1651                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       105801                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25653586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20947873     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1731682      6.75%     88.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       806876      3.15%     91.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       793624      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       219589      0.86%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907412      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        68888      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50662      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       126980      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25653586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10998737                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12925524                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              4911732                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             3225285                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1706783                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11494241                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       125296                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       126980                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           39770296                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28708701                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                442438                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2527655                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10998737                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12925524                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10998737                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.582331                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.582331                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.387247                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.387247                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       67098822                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      15751767                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      16985369                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2455286                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2043919                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       224976                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       938508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         897530                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264064                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10438                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21362452                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             13465806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2455286                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1161594                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2807097                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        627490                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      2009486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1328320                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215141                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     26585806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       23778709     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         172023      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         216650      0.81%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         345426      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         144969      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         186243      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         216501      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          99634      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1425651      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     26585806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086446                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.474108                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       21243024                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2147406                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2793804                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       400185                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       373860                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     16464021                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       400185                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       21264819                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         69005                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      2018324                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2773363                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        60103                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     16363563                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         8675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        41706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     22849964                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     76093277                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     76093277                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     19094055                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3755888                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3955                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2062                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          211106                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1536103                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       800910                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9027                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       179854                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15976880                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3971                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15316792                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15936                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1960456                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4005680                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26585806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20097214     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2958198     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210172      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       678532      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       918401      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283365      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279026      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149115      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11783      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26585806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105793     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14483     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13688     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12902847     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209168      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1893      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1404706      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798178      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15316792                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.539278                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            133964                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57369289                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17941397                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14915879                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     15450756                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295070                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12219                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       400185                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         52789                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6812                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15980857                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11868                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1536103                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       800910                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5958                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132483                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126639                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       259122                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15048920                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1381090                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       267871                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2179139                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2127990                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           798049                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529847                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14915999                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14915879                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8935536                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        24006628                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.525163                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11108590                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13688295                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2292619                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       226686                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26185621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20391755     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2936226     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1066981      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       529887      2.02%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486265      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204057      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202210      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96079      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272161      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26185621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11108590                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13688295                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2029724                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1241033                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1984046                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12323920                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       282646                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       272161                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           41894296                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          32362041                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                326624                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1816579                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11108590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13688295                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11108590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.556795                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.556795                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.391115                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.391115                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       67709436                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      20840909                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15221880                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1935513                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154957                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1308102                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278732                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112716                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4613                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20544082                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11004276                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1935513                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1391448                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2453577                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        510705                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       888295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1243507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151724                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     24240864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.738968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21787287     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         379762      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         184712      0.76%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         374599      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         114684      0.47%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         348472      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          53245      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          86301      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         911802      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     24240864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068146                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.387442                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20352211                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1085238                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2448526                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1940                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       352948                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       178260                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1962                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12269729                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4629                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       352948                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20374577                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        719597                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       296143                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2425934                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        71659                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12250189                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        55042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     16012129                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     55454323                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     55454323                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     12949099                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3063018                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          804                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          164302                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247563                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       348906                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3030                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        79431                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12185423                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11397382                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7632                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2225060                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4579827                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24240864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.081726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19241699     79.38%     79.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1551755      6.40%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1702609      7.02%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974628      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       494819      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123902      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145230      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3417      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2805      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24240864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18736     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7722     23.61%     80.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6249     19.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8913539     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86797      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2050789     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345469      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11397382                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.401283                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32707                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47075967                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14412117                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11106216                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     11430089                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8604                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460855                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8959                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       352948                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        638579                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12187028                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247563                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348906                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          803                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4150                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          239                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104580                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59449                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       164029                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11255400                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2022305                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2367747                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1714089                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           345442                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.396284                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11109153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11106216                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6729751                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        14507989                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.391031                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.463865                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8863517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9945157                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2242385                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       153804                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23887916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20203400     84.58%     84.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1435377      6.01%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934533      3.91%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       291026      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491938      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93642      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59232      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53862      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324906      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23887916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8863517                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9945157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2126655                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1786708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1529122                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         8680706                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       121036                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       324906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           35750526                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          24728306                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                463014                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               4161521                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8863517                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9945157                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8863517                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.204415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.204415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.312069                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.312069                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       52374281                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      14436341                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13089488                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28399781                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1930753                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1741837                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103786                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       720109                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         687845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106411                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4545                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20474486                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12139458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1930753                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       794256                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2399465                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        327341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2747855                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1176912                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       104014                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     25842826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.853471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23443361     90.72%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          85050      0.33%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         174858      0.68%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          73906      0.29%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         397416      1.54%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         355021      1.37%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          68910      0.27%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         144614      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1099690      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     25842826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067985                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.427449                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20262579                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2961365                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2390475                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         7622                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       220780                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       169651                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          240                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14235061                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1494                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       220780                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20290715                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2737023                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       129556                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2372832                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        91913                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14226315                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           40                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        46604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        30628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          576                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     16715360                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     66997173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     66997173                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     14769314                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        1945902                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          845                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          217007                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3351897                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1693205                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15186                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        83069                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14195675                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13626315                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8045                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1130097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2729726                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25842826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.527277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.317899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20947971     81.06%     81.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1495479      5.79%     86.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210001      4.68%     91.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       521932      2.02%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       652261      2.52%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       617970      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       351796      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27960      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17456      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25842826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34267     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       261906     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7661      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8553337     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119077      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          815      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3264314     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1688772     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13626315                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.479804                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303834                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53407335                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15327800                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13507711                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13930149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24524                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135716                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11615                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1201                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       220780                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2665463                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26260                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14197360                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3351897                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1693205                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16243                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59566                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61553                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       121119                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13529768                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3253563                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            4942137                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1771846                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1688574                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.476404                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13508138                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13507711                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7300478                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14423972                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.475627                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506135                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10961261                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12880867                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1317859                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1647                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       105822                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25622046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20930945     81.69%     81.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1728566      6.75%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       804226      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       789847      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217997      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       904415      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        68846      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50463      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       126741      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25622046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10961261                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12880867                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              4897749                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3216168                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               822                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1700665                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11454425                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       124716                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       126741                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           39693992                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28618371                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                441574                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2556955                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10961261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12880867                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10961261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.590923                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.590923                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.385963                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.385963                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       66876139                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      15695076                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      16935426                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1644                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1971                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.579033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         181231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        45.093556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.605743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.100974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   850.908145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1128.964171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.415482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.551252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3749                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1970                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1681545774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1761986129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683983725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1764424080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683983725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1764424080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              5702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               5719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              5719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 869915.040869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895318.154980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870275.826873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895646.741117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870275.826873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895646.741117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1511806157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1589172543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514068219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591434605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514068219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591434605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210468.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782103.547336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807506.373476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210468.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782464.195866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807834.824873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210468.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782464.195866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807834.824873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         3539                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.932190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         154928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        27.730088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.300957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.338723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1198.535253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         830.757257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.007001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.585222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.405643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  4510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                1418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   4511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4510                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  4511                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                3531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 3539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3501                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                3539                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61171155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3304100771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3365271926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11033524                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11033524                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61171155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3315134295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     3376305450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61171155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3315134295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    3376305450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              8041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            1418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               8050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              8050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.436516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.439124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.437024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.437024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1609767.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 945920.632980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953064.833192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1379190.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1379190.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1609767.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 946910.681234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954028.101159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1609767.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 946910.681234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954028.101159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                618                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     618                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            3539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           3539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57834211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2997367953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3055202164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10330183                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10330183                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57834211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3007698136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3065532347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57834211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3007698136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3065532347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.436516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.437024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.437024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1521952.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 858107.057830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865251.250071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1291272.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1291272.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1521952.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859096.868323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866214.282848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1521952.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 859096.868323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866214.282848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.444999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         182968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        60.226465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.480577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   452.938739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1527.580685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.013907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.221161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.745889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3082                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3084                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99869988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    780794587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     880664575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99869988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    780794587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      880664575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99869988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    780794587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     880664575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              4058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               4074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              4074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.237882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3026363.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815877.311390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889560.176768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3026363.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815877.311390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889560.176768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3026363.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815877.311390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889560.176768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96972588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    696769987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    793742575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96972588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    696769987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    793742575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96972588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    696769987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    793742575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.237882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2938563.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728077.311390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801760.176768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2938563.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728077.311390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801760.176768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2938563.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728077.311390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801760.176768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.444667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         182967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        60.226136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    28.480346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   452.584624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1527.935030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.013906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.220989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.746062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3081                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3083                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98586221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    790938778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     889524999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98586221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    790938778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      889524999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98586221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    790938778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     889524999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.237941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.236999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.236999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2987461.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 826477.301985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 898510.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2987461.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 826477.301985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 898510.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2987461.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 826477.301985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 898510.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95688821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    706896008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    802584829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95688821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    706896008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    802584829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95688821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    706896008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    802584829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.237941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.236999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.236999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2899661.242424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 738658.315569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810691.746465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2899661.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 738658.315569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810691.746465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2899661.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 738658.315569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810691.746465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.443382                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         182962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        60.224490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.443382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.481500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   452.493513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1528.024987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.013907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.220944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.746106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3077                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3079                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    106984454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    802029110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     909013564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    106984454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    802029110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      909013564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    106984454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    802029110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     909013564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.238178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.237234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.237234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3241953.151515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 838065.945664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 918195.519192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3241953.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 838065.945664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 918195.519192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3241953.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 838065.945664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 918195.519192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    104087054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    717992877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    822079931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    104087054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    717992877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    822079931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    104087054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    717992877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    822079931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.238178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.237234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.237234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3154153.151515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 750253.789969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830383.768687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3154153.151515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 750253.789969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830383.768687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3154153.151515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 750253.789969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830383.768687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2037                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.871695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         122168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        29.906487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.624345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.642483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   897.810934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1102.793933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.008614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.438384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.538474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            652                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 652                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3584                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3585                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2038                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47044356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1568244846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1615289202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47044356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1568244846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1615289202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47044356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1568244846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1615289202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          652                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             652                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1680155.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780221.316418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 792585.476938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1680155.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780221.316418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 792585.476938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1680155.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780221.316418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 792585.476938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44585956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1391854646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436440602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44585956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1391854646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436440602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44585956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1391854646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436440602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1592355.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 692464.998010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704828.558391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1592355.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 692464.998010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704828.558391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1592355.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 692464.998010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704828.558391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3202                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.579675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         124024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        23.637126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.139360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.615200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   905.116718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1110.708398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.441952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.542338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3852                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3853                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                3197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3166                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3202                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52537819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2962431385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3014969204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7582357                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7582357                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52537819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2970013742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     3022551561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52537819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2970013742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    3022551561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              7040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               7055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              7055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1459383.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 937181.709902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943061.996872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1516471.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1516471.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1459383.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 938096.570436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 943957.389444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1459383.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 938096.570436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 943957.389444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                496                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     496                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49375106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2684801108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2734176214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7143357                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7143357                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49375106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2691944465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2741319571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     49375106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2691944465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2741319571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1371530.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 849351.821575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855231.846731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1428671.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1428671.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1371530.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 850266.729311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856127.286384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1371530.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 850266.729311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856127.286384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         3543                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.928216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         154928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         5591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        27.710249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.213064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.406557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1201.065151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         828.243444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.586458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.404416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  4512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1416                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1416                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   4513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4512                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  4513                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                3535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 3543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3507                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                3543                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52832400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3306064109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3358896509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12867662                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     12867662                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52832400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3318931771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     3371764171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52832400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3318931771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    3371764171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              8047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1416                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1416                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               8056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              8056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.436829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.439294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.437336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.437336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1467566.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 944859.705344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 950182.887977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1608457.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1608457.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1467566.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 946373.473339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951669.255151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1467566.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 946373.473339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951669.255151                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                617                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     617                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            3543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           3543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     49671600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2998817140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3048488740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12164323                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12164323                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     49671600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3010981463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3060653063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     49671600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3010981463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3060653063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.436829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.437336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.437336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1379766.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 857049.768505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862373.052334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1520540.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520540.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1379766.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 858563.291417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863859.176686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1379766.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 858563.291417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863859.176686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         3215                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.671084                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         124030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        23.579848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.130366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.785166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   914.217028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1102.538525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.446395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.538349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            800                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 800                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3850                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3851                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                3210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 3215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3180                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                3215                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49570594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2921979467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2971550061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6415002                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6415002                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49570594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2928394469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     2977965063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49570594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2928394469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    2977965063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              7051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          800                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             800                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               7066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              7066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1416302.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 920308.493543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 925716.529907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1283000.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1283000.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1416302.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 920878.763836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 926272.181337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1416302.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 920878.763836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 926272.181337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                495                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     495                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            3215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           3215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46497594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2643188851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2689686445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5976002                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5976002                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46497594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2649164853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2695662447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     46497594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2649164853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2695662447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.452347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1328502.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 832500.425512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837908.549844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1195200.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1195200.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1328502.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 833070.708491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838464.213686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1328502.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 833070.708491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838464.213686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.443805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         182962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        60.224490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.443805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.487179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   452.471064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1528.041758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.013910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.220933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.746114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3077                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3079                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89297827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    801133467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     890431294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89297827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    801133467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      890431294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89297827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    801133467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     890431294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              4053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               4069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              4069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.238178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.237234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.237234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2705994.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 837130.059561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 899425.549495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2705994.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 837130.059561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 899425.549495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2705994.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 837130.059561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 899425.549495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86392927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    716738790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    803131717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86392927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    716738790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    803131717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86392927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    716738790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    803131717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.238178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.237234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.237234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2617967.484848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 748943.354232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811244.158586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2617967.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 748943.354232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811244.158586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2617967.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 748943.354232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811244.158586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1314                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.512653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         159504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        47.443189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.271947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.592460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   597.878484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1391.769761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.014938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.291933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.679575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3034                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3036                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1315                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73273393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1080369553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1153642946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73273393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1080369553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1153642946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73273393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1080369553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1153642946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1878804.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 846684.602665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877295.015970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1878804.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 846684.602665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877295.015970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1878804.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 846684.602665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877295.015970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                549                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     549                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69849193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    967239753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037088946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69849193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    967239753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037088946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69849193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    967239753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037088946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1791004.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 758619.414118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789260.993912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1791004.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 758619.414118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789260.993912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1791004.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 758619.414118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789260.993912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         2029                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.869940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         122150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         4077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        29.960755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.839830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    17.668969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   896.338024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1104.023116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.008627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.539074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3569                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3570                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 2029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                2029                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53242733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1599872802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1653115535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53242733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1599872802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1653115535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53242733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1599872802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1653115535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1901526.178571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799536.632684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814743.979793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1901526.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799536.632684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814743.979793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1901526.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799536.632684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814743.979793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            2029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50782978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1424132031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474915009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50782978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1424132031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474915009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50782978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1424132031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474915009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1813677.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 711710.160420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726917.205027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1813677.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 711710.160420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726917.205027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1813677.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 711710.160420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726917.205027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3541                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.928515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         154941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        27.722491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.297428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    14.125057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1200.159211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         829.346819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.586015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.404955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1419                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1419                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4522                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4523                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3507                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3542                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62213787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3278443160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3340656947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13432093                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     13432093                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62213787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3291875253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     3354089040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62213787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3291875253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    3354089040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              8056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1419                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1419                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               8065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              8065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.436284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.438679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.436792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.436792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1777536.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 936965.750214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945290.590549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1679011.625000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1679011.625000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1777536.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 938658.469632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946947.780915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1777536.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 938658.469632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946947.780915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                617                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     617                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59140787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2971287930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3030428717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12729693                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12729693                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59140787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2984017623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3043158410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59140787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2984017623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3043158410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.436284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.436792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.436792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1689736.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 849182.032009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857506.711092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1591211.625000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1591211.625000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1689736.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 850874.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859163.865048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1689736.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 850874.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859163.865048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.445906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         182962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        60.224490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.445906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.479606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   452.369130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1528.151264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.013906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.220883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.746168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3077                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3079                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    109131668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    799539345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     908671013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    109131668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    799539345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      908671013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    109131668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    799539345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     908671013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.238178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.237234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.237234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3307020.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835464.310345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 917849.508081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3307020.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835464.310345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 917849.508081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3307020.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835464.310345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 917849.508081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106233215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    715496706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    821729921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106233215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    715496706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    821729921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    106233215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    715496706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    821729921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.238178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.237234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.237234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3219188.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 747645.460815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830030.223232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3219188.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 747645.460815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830030.223232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3219188.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 747645.460815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 830030.223232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2027                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.887679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         122159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        29.977669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.839952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    17.666950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   895.381288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1104.999489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.008626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.539551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3576                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3577                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2027                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52839157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1606687927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1659527084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52839157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1606687927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1659527084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52839157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1606687927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1659527084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1887112.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803745.836418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818710.944253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1887112.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803745.836418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818710.944253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1887112.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803745.836418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818710.944253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     50380757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1431126095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1481506852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     50380757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1431126095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1481506852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     50380757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1431126095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1481506852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1799312.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 715921.008004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730886.458806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1799312.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 715921.008004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730886.458806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1799312.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 715921.008004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730886.458806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         3532                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.928600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         154915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        27.762545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.296740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.516862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1204.425292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         825.689706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.588098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.403169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  4500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                1415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   4501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4500                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  4501                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                3525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 3533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3497                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                3533                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     65832174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3333529439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3399361613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15692174                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     15692174                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     65832174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3349221613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     3415053787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     65832174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3349221613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    3415053787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              8025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            1415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               8034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              8034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.436780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.439252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.437289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.437289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1828671.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 955439.793351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964357.904397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1961521.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1961521.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1828671.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 957741.382042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 966615.846872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1828671.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 957741.382042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 966615.846872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                618                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     618                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            3533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           3533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     62671374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3027229938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3089901312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     14989774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14989774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     62671374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3042219712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3104891086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     62671374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3042219712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3104891086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.436780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.437289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.437289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1740871.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 867649.738607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876567.748085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1873721.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1873721.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1740871.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 869951.304547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878825.668271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1740871.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 869951.304547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878825.668271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              512.188115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001231965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1932880.241313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.188115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158375042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26666.954369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.408583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.591417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.880502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.119498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8159363671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8159363671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590164780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8590164780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590164780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8590164780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 421868.759164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421868.759164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430865.465215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430865.465215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430865.465215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430865.465215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6155950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 769493.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1943108612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1943108612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946529894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946529894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946529894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946529894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342941.865867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342941.865867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342518.017596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342518.017596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342518.017596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342518.017596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              570.811541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1030761455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1771067.792096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    29.051863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.759677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.046557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1178674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1178674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1178674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1178674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1178674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94853793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94853793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94853793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94853793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94853793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94853793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1178735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1178735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1178735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1178735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1178735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1178735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1554980.213115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1554980.213115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1554980.213115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1554980.213115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1554980.213115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1554980.213115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61553797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61553797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61553797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61553797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61553797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61553797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1578302.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1578302.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1578302.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1578302.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1578302.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1578302.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 8011                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              406306205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 8267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             49147.962381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.107676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.892324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.434014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.565986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3076294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3076294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1684017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1684017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4760311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        4760311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4760311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       4760311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        29152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        29152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13837427141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13837427141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     38291360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38291360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13875718501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13875718501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13875718501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13875718501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3105416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3105416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1684047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1684047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4789463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4789463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4789463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4789463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 475153.737415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 475153.737415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1276378.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1276378.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 475978.269107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 475978.269107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 475978.269107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 475978.269107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        21120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        21141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        21141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3641365099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3641365099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11164095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11164095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3652529194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3652529194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3652529194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3652529194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 455056.873157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455056.873157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1240455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1240455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 455939.232805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455939.232805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 455939.232805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455939.232805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              486.775806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1003119108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2047181.853061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.775806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.050923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1330150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1330150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1330150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1330150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1330150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1330150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    145898800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145898800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    145898800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145898800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    145898800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145898800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1330195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1330195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1330195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1330195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1330195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1330195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3242195.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3242195.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3236658                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 809164.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100298593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100298593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100298593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100298593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100298593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100298593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2865674.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2865674.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4039                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148885962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             34664.950407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   220.783847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    35.216153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.862437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.137563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1059201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1059201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       785860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1845061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1845061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1845061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1845061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2340032292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2340032292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6127735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6127735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2346160027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2346160027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2346160027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2346160027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1069536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       785935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1855471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1855471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1855471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1855471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 226418.218868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226418.218868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 81703.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81703.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    988571880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    988571880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1113141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1113141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    989685021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    989685021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    989685021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    989685021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 245730.022371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245730.022371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69571.312500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69571.312500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              486.771756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1003118173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2047179.944898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.771756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.050916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1329215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1329215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1329215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1329215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1329215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1329215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    145035614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145035614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    145035614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145035614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    145035614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145035614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1329260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1329260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1329260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1329260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1329260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1329260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3223013.644444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3223013.644444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3223013.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3223013.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3223013.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3223013.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2576006                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 858668.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99008562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99008562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99008562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99008562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99008562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99008562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2828816.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2828816.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2828816.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2828816.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2828816.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2828816.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4038                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148884698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             34672.728924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   220.761063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    35.238937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.862348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.137652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1058470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1058470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       785327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1843797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1843797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1843797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1843797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        10408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        10408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2353206431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2353206431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6131465                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6131465                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2359337896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2359337896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2359337896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2359337896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1068803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       785402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1854205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1854205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1854205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1854205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 227737.000968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227737.000968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 81752.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81752.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 226685.039969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226685.039969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 226685.039969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226685.039969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    998656808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    998656808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1113916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1113916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    999770724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    999770724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    999770724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    999770724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 248298.559920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248298.559920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 69619.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69619.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 247590.570579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247590.570579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 247590.570579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247590.570579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              486.770358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1003117275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2047178.112245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.770358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.050914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1328317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1328317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1328317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1328317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1328317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1328317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    154575119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154575119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    154575119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    154575119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    154575119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    154575119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1328363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1328363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1328363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3360328.673913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3360328.673913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3360328.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3360328.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3360328.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3360328.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3243239                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 810809.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    107387654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107387654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    107387654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107387654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    107387654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107387654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3068218.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3068218.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3068218.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3068218.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3068218.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3068218.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              148883407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             34704.756876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   220.753653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    35.246347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.862319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.137681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1057731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1057731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       784779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1842510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1842510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1842510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1842510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        10396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        10396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2373482690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2373482690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6131825                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6131825                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2379614515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2379614515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2379614515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2379614515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1068052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       784854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1852906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1852906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1852906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1852906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 229966.349191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229966.349191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 81757.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81757.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 228897.125337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228897.125337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 228897.125337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228897.125337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1009476574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1009476574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1113712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1113712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1010590286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1010590286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1010590286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1010590286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 251238.569935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251238.569935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        69607                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69607                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 250518.167080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250518.167080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 250518.167080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250518.167080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              549.118931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              919943973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1654575.491007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.788468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.330463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.036520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1246790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1246790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1246790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1246790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1246790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1246790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54313827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54313827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54313827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54313827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54313827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54313827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1246834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1246834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1246834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1246834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1246834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1234405.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1234405.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47358538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47358538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47358538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47358538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47358538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47358538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1633053.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633053.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5593                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              205268581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35094.645409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   191.844190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    64.155810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.749391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.250609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1858159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1858159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       339277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2197436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2197436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2197436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2197436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8988121393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8988121393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2224442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2224442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8990345835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8990345835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8990345835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8990345835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1878070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1878070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       339303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2217373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2217373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2217373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2217373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 451414.865803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451414.865803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85555.461538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85555.461538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1819469607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1819469607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1819854207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1819854207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1819854207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1819854207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 325603.007695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325603.007695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              517.848915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1005645677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1908246.066414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    27.848915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.044630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1187632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1187632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1187632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1187632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1187632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1187632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80800617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80800617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80800617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80800617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80800617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80800617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1187691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1187691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1187691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1369501.983051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1369501.983051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1369501.983051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1369501.983051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1369501.983051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1369501.983051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52903165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52903165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52903165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52903165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52903165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52903165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1429815.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1429815.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1429815.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1429815.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1429815.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1429815.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7018                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              167163967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             22981.023783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.180556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.819444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.887424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.112576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       821026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        821026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       679360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       679360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1930                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1930                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1500386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1500386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1500386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1500386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        18525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        18525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8185871114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8185871114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     69331265                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69331265                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8255202379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8255202379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8255202379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8255202379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       839456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       839456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       679455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       679455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1930                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1930                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1518911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1518911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 444160.125556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444160.125556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 729802.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 729802.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 445624.959730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445624.959730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 445624.959730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445624.959730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3241191742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3241191742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8264857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8264857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3249456599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3249456599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3249456599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3249456599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 462829.036413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462829.036413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 550990.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 550990.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 463017.469222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463017.469222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 463017.469222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463017.469222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              571.145186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1030761160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1777174.413793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    29.385766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.759420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.047093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1178379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1178379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1178379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1178379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1178379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76325609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76325609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76325609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76325609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76325609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76325609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1178430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1178430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1178430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1178430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1178430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1178430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1496580.568627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1496580.568627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1496580.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1496580.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1496580.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1496580.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53196242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53196242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53196242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53196242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53196242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53196242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1437736.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1437736.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1437736.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1437736.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1437736.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1437736.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 8019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              406303929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 8275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             49100.172689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.107019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.892981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.434012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.565988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3074900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3074900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1683139                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1683139                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4758039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4758039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4758039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4758039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        29188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        29188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13809914834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13809914834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     44381959                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     44381959                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13854296793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13854296793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13854296793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13854296793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3104058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3104058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1683169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1683169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4787227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4787227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4787227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4787227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 473623.528157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 473623.528157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1479398.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1479398.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 474657.283575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 474657.283575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 474657.283575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 474657.283575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1416                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1416                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3643514146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3643514146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12998182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12998182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3656512328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3656512328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3656512328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3656512328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 454870.679900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454870.679900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1444242.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1444242.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 455981.085921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455981.085921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 455981.085921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455981.085921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              516.674652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1005650492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1911883.064639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    26.674652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.042748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1192447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1192447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1192447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1192447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1192447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1192447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     70726484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70726484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     70726484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70726484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     70726484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70726484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1192499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1192499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1192499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1192499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1192499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1192499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1360124.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1360124.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1360124.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1360124.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1360124.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1360124.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49928345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49928345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49928345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49928345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49928345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49928345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1386898.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1386898.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1386898.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1386898.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1386898.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1386898.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7030                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              167170936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             22944.130662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.324873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    28.675127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.887988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.112012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       825050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        825050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       682315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       682315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1507365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1507365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1507365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1507365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8201432135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8201432135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     62085040                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62085040                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8263517175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8263517175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8263517175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8263517175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       843597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       682409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       682409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1526006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1526006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1526006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1526006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 442197.235941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442197.235941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 660479.148936                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 660479.148936                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 443297.954777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443297.954777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 443297.954777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443297.954777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3200782001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3200782001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7097502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7097502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3207879503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3207879503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3207879503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3207879503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 456276.835495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456276.835495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 473166.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473166.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 456312.873826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456312.873826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 456312.873826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456312.873826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              486.776029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1003117173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2047177.904082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.776029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.050923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1328215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1328215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1328215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1328215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1328215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1328215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    131894014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131894014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    131894014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131894014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    131894014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131894014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1328260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1328260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1328260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2930978.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2930978.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2930978.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2930978.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2930978.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2930978.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1953165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       651055                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89715598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89715598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89715598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89715598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89715598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89715598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2563302.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2563302.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2563302.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2563302.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2563302.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2563302.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 4034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148883282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             34704.727739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.785960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    35.214040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.862445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.137555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1057660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1057660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       784725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1842385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1842385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1842385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1842385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        10396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        10396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2376366732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2376366732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6131969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6131969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2382498701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2382498701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2382498701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2382498701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1067981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1067981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       784800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1852781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1852781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1852781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1852781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 230245.783548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230245.783548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 81759.586667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81759.586667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 229174.557618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 229174.557618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 229174.557618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229174.557618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         6303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         6362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         6362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1008593362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008593362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1113697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1113697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1009707059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1009707059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1009707059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1009707059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 251018.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251018.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 69606.062500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69606.062500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 250299.221368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250299.221368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 250299.221368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250299.221368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              510.223581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              999991050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1937967.151163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.223581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.056448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1295215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1295215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1295215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1295215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1295215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1295215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    102919666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102919666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    102919666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102919666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    102919666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102919666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1295273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1295273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1295273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1295273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1295273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1295273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1774477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1774477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73732102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73732102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73732102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73732102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73732102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73732102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1798343.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798343.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152540349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             33407.873193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   223.781816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    32.218184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.874148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.125852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       891570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       749446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1641016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1641016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1641016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1641016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        13886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4665096298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4665096298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8606010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8606010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4673702308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4673702308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4673702308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4673702308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       905351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       749551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1654902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1654902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1654902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1654902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 338516.529860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338516.529860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        81962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        81962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1287439021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1287439021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1172668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1172668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1288611689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288611689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1288611689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288611689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 299962.493243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299962.493243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65148.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65148.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              549.105186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              919940489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1654569.224820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.773999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.331187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.036497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1243306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1243306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1243306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1243306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1243306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61145452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61145452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61145452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61145452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61145452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61145452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1243350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1243350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1243350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1389669.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1389669.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1389669.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1389669.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1389669.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1389669.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53573601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53573601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53573601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53573601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53573601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53573601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1847365.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1847365.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1847365.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1847365.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1847365.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1847365.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205262106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35232.081359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   191.424307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    64.575693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.747751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.252249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1852782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1852782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       338184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2190966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2190966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2190966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2190966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9043319593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9043319593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2279717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2279717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9045599310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9045599310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9045599310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9045599310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1872620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       338210                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338210                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2210830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2210830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455858.432957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 455858.432957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87681.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87681.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455376.525876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 455376.525876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455376.525876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 455376.525876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14294                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14294                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1850133407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850133407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       405222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1850538629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850538629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1850538629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850538629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 332518.585011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332518.585011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        67537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 332233.147038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332233.147038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 332233.147038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332233.147038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              570.301068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1030762942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1780246.877375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.577518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.723550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.045797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.868147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1180161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1180161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1180161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1180161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1180161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1180161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87437553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87437553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87437553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87437553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87437553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87437553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1180218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1180218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1180218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1180218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1180218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1180218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1533992.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1533992.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1533992.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1533992.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1533992.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1533992.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62569329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62569329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62569329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62569329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62569329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62569329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1738036.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1738036.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1738036.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1738036.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1738036.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1738036.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 8027                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              406308562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             49053.309429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.113690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.886310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.434038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.565962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3077924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3077924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1684742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1684742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4762666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4762666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4762666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4762666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        29392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        29392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        29392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13764796085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13764796085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     47281628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47281628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13812077713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13812077713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13812077713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13812077713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3107286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3107286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1684772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1684772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4792058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4792058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4792058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4792058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 468796.270179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 468796.270179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1576054.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1576054.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 469926.432805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 469926.432805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 469926.432805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 469926.432805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        21342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        21363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        21363                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21363                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3615845731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3615845731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13562593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13562593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3629408324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3629408324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3629408324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3629408324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 450853.582419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450853.582419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1506954.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1506954.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 452037.404907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452037.404907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 452037.404907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452037.404907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              486.767485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1003117229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2047178.018367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.767485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.050909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1328271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1328271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1328271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1328271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1328271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1328271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    158680003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158680003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    158680003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    158680003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    158680003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    158680003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1328317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1328317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1328317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3449565.282609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3449565.282609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3449565.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3449565.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3449565.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3449565.282609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3245099                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 811274.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    109544231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109544231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    109544231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109544231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    109544231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109544231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3129835.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3129835.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3129835.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3129835.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3129835.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3129835.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148883363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             34704.746620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   220.738875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    35.261125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.862261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.137739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1057706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1057706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       784760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1842466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1842466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1842466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1842466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        10394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        10394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2367528453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2367528453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6117170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6117170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2373645623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2373645623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2373645623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2373645623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1068025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       784835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1852860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1852860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1852860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1852860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 229433.903770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229433.903770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 81562.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81562.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 228366.906196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228366.906196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 228366.906196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228366.906196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1006995184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1006995184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1111362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1111362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1008106546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008106546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1008106546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008106546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 250621.001493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250621.001493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69460.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69460.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 249902.465543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249902.465543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 249902.465543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249902.465543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              549.105760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              919940646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1654569.507194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.774561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.331199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.036498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1243463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1243463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61334709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61334709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61334709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61334709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61334709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61334709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1243507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1243507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1243507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1393970.659091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1393970.659091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1393970.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1393970.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1393970.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1393970.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53170211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53170211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53170211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53170211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53170211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53170211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1833455.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833455.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1833455.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833455.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1833455.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833455.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              205262300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35201.903619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   191.424922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    64.575078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.747754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.252246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1852839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1852839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       338320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2191159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2191159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2191159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2191159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9087054428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9087054428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2263606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2263606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9089318034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9089318034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9089318034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9089318034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1872652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       338346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2210998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2210998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 458641.014889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458641.014889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87061.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87061.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 458154.041736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 458154.041736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 458154.041736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 458154.041736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14264                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14264                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1857326101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1857326101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       405048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1857731149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1857731149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1857731149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1857731149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333511.600108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333511.600108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        67508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333225.318206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333225.318206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333225.318206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333225.318206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              569.161205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1030759636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1777171.786207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    27.794040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.367165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.044542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1176855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1176855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1176855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1176855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1176855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83915451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83915451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83915451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83915451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83915451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83915451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1176912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1176912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1176912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1472200.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1472200.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1472200.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1472200.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1472200.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1472200.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66196016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66196016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66196016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66196016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66196016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66196016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1789081.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1789081.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1789081.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1789081.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1789081.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1789081.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7996                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              406295075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 8252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             49235.951890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.098977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.901023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.433980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.566020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3069303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3069303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1679881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1679881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4749184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4749184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4749184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4749184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        29186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        29186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13917028729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13917028729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     55008425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     55008425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13972037154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13972037154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13972037154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13972037154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3098459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3098459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1679911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1679911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4778370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4778370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4778370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4778370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 477329.837049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 477329.837049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1833614.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1833614.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 478723.948263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 478723.948263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 478723.948263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 478723.948263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21189                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21189                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3670104355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3670104355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15822674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15822674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3685927029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3685927029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3685927029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3685927029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 459452.222709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459452.222709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1758074.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1758074.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 460913.721270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 460913.721270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 460913.721270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 460913.721270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
