
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.117605                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                117604696884                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               644706759792                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 292254                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   373757                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1986430                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67760084                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59204.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17302619391                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22127960037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2500352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2437504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      3951360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2508160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4669056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2447104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1158016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2499712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1622528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2488192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1159040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2439040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3946624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1624192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3956224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2446720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             41929344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           75520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11879168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11879168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        19043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        30870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        19595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        36477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        19118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         9047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        19529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        12676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        19439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         9055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        19055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        30833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        12689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        30908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        19115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                327573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           92806                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                92806                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        40271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21260647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20726247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     33598658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21327039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39701271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20807876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      9846682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        40271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21255205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13796456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        39182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21157250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9855389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20739308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33558388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13810605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33640017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        37005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20804611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               356527801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        40271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42447                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        40271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        39182                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        37005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             642151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         101009299                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              101009299                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         101009299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        40271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21260647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20726247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        43536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     33598658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        40271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21327039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        42447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39701271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20807876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      9846682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        40271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21255205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        45712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13796456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        39182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21157250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9855389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20739308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        40271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33558388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        46801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13810605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        41359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33640017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        37005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20804611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              457537100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20694531                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16968166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022380                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8582284                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8086776                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123732                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91202                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197500210                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117653753                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20694531                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10210508                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25873177                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5750153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     18489416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12168127                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2011711                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    245554965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      219681788     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2802344      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3232967      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1782022      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2068012      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1128526      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         771111      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2009214      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12078981      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    245554965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073378                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.417174                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195902643                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     20116951                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25668631                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       193448                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3673286                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3361788                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18876                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143623068                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93650                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3673286                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196205300                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       6558324                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     12699967                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25567698                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       850384                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143537683                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       222674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       393101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199443115                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668317463                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668317463                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29151383                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20938                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2277458                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13702289                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7466013                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197142                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1662578                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143303535                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37614                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135417223                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       190321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17939133                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41469509                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4164                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245554965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188502164     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22941497      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12326033      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8537576      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7465831      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3826538      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       916160      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595370      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443796      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245554965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35281     12.12%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124806     42.87%     54.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131071     45.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113345869     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119134      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12522901      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7412735      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135417223                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.480159                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291158                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    516870886                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161281560                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133177290                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135708381                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       341930                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2418606                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          835                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165341                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8293                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4233                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3673286                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6066726                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148738                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143341266                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        73331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13702289                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7466013                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20910                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104242                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1170980                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1136442                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2307422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133431809                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11760890                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1985410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19172012                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18667634                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7411122                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.473119                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133179132                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133177290                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79150583                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207321785                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472217                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20654516                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2034096                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241881679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191761275     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23241348      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9740652      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5856645      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4050849      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2616616      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356677      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092165      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2165452      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241881679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2165452                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          383057963                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290358191                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3024074                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              36470688                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.820256                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.820256                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.354578                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.354578                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      601883545                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184820938                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134039630                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19348440                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17269812                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1541006                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12923904                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12624141                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1162935                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46926                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204373102                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            109842081                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19348440                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     13787076                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24489088                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5046424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      8321829                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12365108                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1512638                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    240680766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      216191678     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3732789      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1880961      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3688857      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1187074      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3421365      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         539786      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         874875      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        9163381      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    240680766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068605                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.389475                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      202448290                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     10293508                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24440698                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        19634                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3478635                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1834192                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        18112                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    122891847                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        34211                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3478635                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      202667559                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       6630526                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2967326                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24223089                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       713625                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    122712273                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        95655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       545106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    160846074                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    556138985                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    556138985                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    130534057                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30311994                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16502                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8351                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1646410                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     22104612                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3598754                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23791                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       817771                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        122071589                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16560                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       114348534                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74593                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21947867                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44889040                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    240680766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475105                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190542570     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15776070      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16813725      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9712779      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5020646      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1257876      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1493711      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34665      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28724      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    240680766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191869     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78849     23.51%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64608     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89687113     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897694      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8152      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20187542     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3568033      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    114348534                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.405454                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335326                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    469787753                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144036311                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111455107                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    114683860                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90842                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4484703                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          305                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82682                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3478635                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       5821833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85474                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122088233                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22104612                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3598754                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8348                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40923                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2323                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          305                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041561                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591896                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1633457                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112897873                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19897198                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1450661                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           23465056                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17164997                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3567858                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.400311                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            111480808                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           111455107                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        67433884                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       146955543                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.395195                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458873                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88796742                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     99987451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22105730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16439                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1531331                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237202131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199969004     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14635974      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9394501      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2956861      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4906767      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       958857      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607382      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556033      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3216752      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237202131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     88796742                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     99987451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             21135975                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            17619903                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8202                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15339670                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        87385005                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1251612                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3216752                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          356078235                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         247667734                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4559295                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              41344887                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          88796742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            99987451                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     88796742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.176081                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.176081                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.314853                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.314853                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      524742481                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     145247251                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     130493719                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19873229                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16252823                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1938868                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8196857                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7834471                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2044648                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86268                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192821782                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            112800494                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19873229                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9879119                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23632801                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5650140                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      8799674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11857533                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1951851                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    228922528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      205289727     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1283632      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2024090      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3221092      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1332968      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1487430      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1593817      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1036099      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11653673      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    228922528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.070466                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.399965                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      190982529                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     10653393                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23559585                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        59204                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3667816                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3257919                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          458                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    137723003                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2971                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3667816                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      191277554                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2143381                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      7635055                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23328821                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       869888                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    137632153                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents        36514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       235743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       319889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents        66006                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    191076227                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    640265495                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    640265495                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    163013954                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       28062186                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        35445                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19678                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2551592                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13109392                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7053694                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211869                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1599551                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        137436224                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35544                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       130061603                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       164646                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17422549                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38900261                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3756                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228922528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174058530     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22036886      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12040919      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8206604      3.58%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7667920      3.35%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2204691      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1721661      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584570      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400747      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228922528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30093     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92408     38.55%     51.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117208     48.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108946821     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2058484      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15762      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12024349      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7016187      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    130061603                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.461169                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239709                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489450086                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154895750                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127973896                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    130301312                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       395557                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2350161                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          321                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1457                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       213894                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8120                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           32                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3667816                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1318378                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118274                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137471914                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57606                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13109392                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7053694                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19666                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        87233                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1457                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1132164                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108237                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2240401                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128212504                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11307544                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1849096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18321877                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18043896                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7014333                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.454613                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            127974840                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           127973896                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        74819844                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       195446307                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.453767                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382815                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95753913                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    117370315                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20102018                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31788                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1980424                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225254712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177613342     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23071550     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8982969      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4838301      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3621929      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2022584      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1249778      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1115452      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2738807      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225254712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     95753913                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    117370315                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17599003                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10759219                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15860                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16847967                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       105759588                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2384417                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2738807                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          359987601                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         278612781                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3124522                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              53103125                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          95753913                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           117370315                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     95753913                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.945317                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.945317                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.339522                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.339522                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      578173362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     177387191                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     128477436                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        31758                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20696006                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16967960                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024138                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8602223                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8105830                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2126502                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91684                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197733631                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            117543998                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20696006                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10232332                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25870405                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5727564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     18607318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12180354                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2013344                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    245878565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      220008160     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2804553      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        3237028      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1783750      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2069474      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1142319      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         768872      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        2003335      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12061074      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    245878565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073383                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.416785                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      196133624                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     20237387                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25665993                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       193275                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3648280                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3362890                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        18932                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    143514052                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        93910                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3648280                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      196436205                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       6462986                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     12914785                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        25564474                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       851829                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    143427988                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       223478                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       393490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    199288743                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    667748694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    667748694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    170462100                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       28826632                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        37698                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21075                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2281174                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13701706                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7471868                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196631                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1659681                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        143192013                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37786                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       135472722                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       188565                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17704489                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40587576                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4304                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245878565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243370                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188771571     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22974590      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12356878      5.03%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8539234      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7454050      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3826481      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       915990      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596039      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443732      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245878565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35298     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123697     42.63%     54.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131195     45.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113395521     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2113637      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16601      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12528301      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7418662      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    135472722                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.480356                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            290190                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517302764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160935550                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133226910                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    135762912                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       343918                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2406756                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          854                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1265                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163910                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8301                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4722                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3648280                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       5965145                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148742                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143229925                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        75048                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13701706                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7471868                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21060                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104457                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1265                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1175183                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1135514                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2310697                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133479611                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11771511                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1993111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           19188601                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18684232                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7417090                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473289                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            133228874                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           133226910                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        79183260                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       207346881                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472393                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381888                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100099980                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    122810656                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20420452                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33482                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2035920                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242230285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192055882     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23267153      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9750403      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5865967      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4053527      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2620610      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356540      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093226      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2166977      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242230285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    100099980                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    122810656                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18602908                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11294950                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16704                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17576418                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       110718647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2498589                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2166977                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          383293740                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         290110562                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3026682                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              36147088                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         100099980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           122810656                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    100099980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.817440                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.817440                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.354932                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.354932                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      602115356                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     184887391                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     133945884                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        33452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19024595                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17167305                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1003496                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8351624                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6825830                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1050475                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44473                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202139583                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            119544349                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19024595                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      7876305                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23659928                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       3146996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     27823979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11600614                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1008034                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    255741707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      232081779     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         845719      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1727843      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         740146      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        3933171      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3505922      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         688309      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1412684      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10806134      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    255741707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.067457                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.423878                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      200046379                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     29929412                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23573686                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        74509                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      2117716                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1668934                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          502                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    140187135                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2820                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      2117716                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      200312295                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles      27751913                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1263728                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23412935                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       883113                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    140109343                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       450374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       289681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12982                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    164485331                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    659860097                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    659860097                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    145901359                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       18583972                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        16282                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8230                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2041195                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     33072722                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     16729379                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152583                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       809178                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        139839231                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       134476901                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        79988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10759790                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25685685                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          107                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255741707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207411506     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14788264      5.78%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11940330      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5152550      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6430248      2.51%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6101839      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3469366      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276888      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170716      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255741707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        337943     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2584220     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75614      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84361912     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1171987      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8049      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32251572     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16683381     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    134476901                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.476825                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2997777                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527773274                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150618806                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133323140                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    137474678                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241442                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1292419                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          553                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3463                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       112432                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11857                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          109                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      2117716                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles      27063609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       261203                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139855655                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33072722                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16729379                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8232                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       161524                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          158                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3463                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       591569                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       585158                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1176727                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133537395                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32142525                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       939506                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           48823912                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17497072                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         16681387                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473494                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            133326582                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           133323140                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        72018659                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       142137783                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.472734                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506682                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108294280                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    127263663                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12606705                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16225                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1025689                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253623991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207286284     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17055357      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7949054      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7807789      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2159534      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8941148      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       679473      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       496699      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1248653      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253623991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    108294280                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    127263663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             48397250                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            31780303                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16805844                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       113168024                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1232715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1248653                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          392245381                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         281858656                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4346715                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              26283946                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         108294280                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           127263663                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    108294280                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.604253                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.604253                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.383987                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.383987                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      660175285                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     154830225                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     166927612                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              282025179                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19399207                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17315085                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1546362                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12959473                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12655754                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1166561                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46923                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204942497                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            110139734                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19399207                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     13822315                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24556945                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5063455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      8172005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12400144                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1517819                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    241179841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      216622896     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3740638      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1888791      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3698148      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1192077      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3429003      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         541317      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         877141      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9189830      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    241179841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068785                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.390532                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      203019275                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     10142247                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24508364                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19740                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3490214                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1838965                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18181                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    123237229                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        34316                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3490214                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      203238431                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6533665                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2913430                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24290835                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       713260                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    123058113                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        96176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       544235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    161303808                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    557735997                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    557735997                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    130905733                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       30397952                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        16573                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8395                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1648575                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     22164873                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3610956                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23922                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       819323                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        122419672                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16632                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       114669924                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74560                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22016889                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45054006                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241179841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190899596     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15826886      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16856516      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9736170      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5036737      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1261581      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1498697      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34803      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28855      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241179841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192405     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79139     23.52%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64908     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89942268     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       900889      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8180      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20238493     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3580094      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    114669924                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.406595                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336452                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    470930701                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144453490                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111767428                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    115006376                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90099                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4503842                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          303                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82907                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3490214                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       5724220                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85552                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122436393                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22164873                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3610956                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8393                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41155                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2293                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          303                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045576                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593817                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1639393                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113215374                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19946509                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1454550                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           23526428                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17211021                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3579919                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.401437                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            111793210                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           111767428                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        67623171                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       147410544                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.396303                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89036716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    100265849                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22175377                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16494                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1536647                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237689627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200347111     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14682090      6.18%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9420800      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2966620      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4919614      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       962062      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       609533      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558041      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3223756      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237689627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     89036716                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    100265849                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             21189048                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            17660999                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8230                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15381529                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        87630858                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1255865                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3223756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          356906772                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         248375528                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4572336                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              40845338                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          89036716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           100265849                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     89036716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.167516                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.167516                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.315705                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.315705                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      526205705                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     145660380                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     130842950                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16478                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       24464026                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20368908                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2221732                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9367042                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8957138                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2631237                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103079                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    212876600                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            134188578                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          24464026                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11588375                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            27971119                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6177884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     19355955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13216620                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2123728                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    264143032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      236171913     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1716289      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2168040      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3442623      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1439706      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1856093      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        2164311      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         989943      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       14194114      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    264143032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086744                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.475803                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      211628120                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     20728197                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        27838173                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        13157                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3935383                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3723427                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          635                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    164000782                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         3154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3935383                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      211841885                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        682592                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     19448437                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        27637792                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       596936                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    162993487                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        86231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       416332                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    227675361                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    757969167                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    757969167                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    190655125                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       37020235                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        39675                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20769                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2095810                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15241463                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7984115                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89576                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1811196                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        159152901                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39817                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       152749257                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       150796                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19199957                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38966530                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1683                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264143032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199410039     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29532102     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12073695      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6760501      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9160561      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2818596      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2777241      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1492784      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117513      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264143032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1052176     79.12%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141555     10.64%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136165     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128688743     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2088465      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18906      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13993493      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7959650      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    152749257                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.541615                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1329896                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008706                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571122238                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178393390                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148780398                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    154079153                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113211                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2850033                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          718                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110200                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3935383                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        519249                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65895                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159192727                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       124190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15241463                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7984115                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20769                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57594                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          718                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1316553                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1247670                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2564223                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150091173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13767892                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2658084                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           21726776                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       21229844                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7958884                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.532190                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            148780909                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           148780398                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        89138882                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       239415115                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.527542                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372319                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110918721                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    136677420                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22515951                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2240716                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260207649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202357953     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29317575     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10642741      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5306805      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4850628      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2038240      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2014469      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       960482      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2718756      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260207649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    110918721                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    136677420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20265343                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12391430                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             19024                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         19811389                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       123053793                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2822308                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2718756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          416681497                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         322322149                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3224200                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              17882621                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         110918721                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           136677420                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    110918721                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.542633                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.542633                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.393293                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.393293                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      675358286                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     207904438                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     151707795                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        38102                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20725350                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16996998                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2028295                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8576838                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8101901                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2125768                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91072                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197838367                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            117815644                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20725350                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10227669                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25916509                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5761714                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     18507857                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12189604                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2016611                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    245961108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      220044599     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2807761      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3246938      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1785211      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2070216      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1129009      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         771425      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        2007441      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12098508      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    245961108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073487                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.417748                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      196241605                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     20134923                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25710770                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       194368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3679436                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3363131                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        18939                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    143820703                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        94143                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3679436                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      196545510                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       6504440                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     12767880                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        25610298                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       853538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    143734008                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       225173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       393567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          105                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    199731390                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    669244471                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    669244471                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    170559500                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       29171882                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37642                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21015                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2283520                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13723035                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7473608                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197562                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1658947                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        143501307                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37725                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       135603895                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       189020                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17942372                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41523657                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4224                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245961108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188816292     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22992495      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12339129      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8550252      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7476412      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3828728      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       916259      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596784      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       444757      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245961108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35433     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124602     42.75%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131420     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113506340     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2121786      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16610      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12538944      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7420215      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    135603895                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.480821                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291455                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517649373                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161482684                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133362995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    135895350                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       342226                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2421673                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          856                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1283                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       161528                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8304                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3564                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3679436                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       6015616                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       150311                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143539163                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        70834                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13723035                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7473608                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20993                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104684                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1283                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1175889                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1138672                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2314561                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133615812                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11776337                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1988083                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19194877                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18694634                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7418540                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.473772                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            133364957                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           133362995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        79268105                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       207625035                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.472875                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381785                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100157160                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    122880729                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20659840                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33501                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2040044                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242281671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192080451     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23281733      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9754962      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5864149      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4058310      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2619837      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1359894      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093844      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2168491      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242281671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100157160                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    122880729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18613442                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11301362                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16714                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17586440                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       110781795                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2499997                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2168491                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          383653073                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         290760657                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3031171                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              36064545                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100157160                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           122880729                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100157160                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.815831                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.815831                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.355135                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.355135                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      602722880                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     185092581                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     134222247                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        33470                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       21794591                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17832729                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2134306                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9151017                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8589678                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2254072                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97500                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210058733                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            121827073                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          21794591                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10843750                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            25445380                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5806798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     11452527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12851847                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2135470                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    250601981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      225156601     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1192047      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1887519      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2553892      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2626727      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2222332      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1242195      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1844851      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11875817      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    250601981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077279                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.431972                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      207896525                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     13633721                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        25398235                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        29091                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3644407                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3587111                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    149505169                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1991                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3644407                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      208468796                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1913677                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     10398058                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24861550                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1315491                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    149446197                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       195959                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       564150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    208550757                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    695211221                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    695211221                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    181017971                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       27532751                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        37477                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19681                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         3902426                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13999316                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7582640                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89163                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1729698                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        149262194                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       141852548                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19545                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16340007                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38968173                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1722                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250601981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190611219     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24638482      9.83%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12497841      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9443713      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7415954      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2991890      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1887468      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       984141      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131273      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250601981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26291     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86314     36.58%     47.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123385     52.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119307090     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2113234      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17793      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12856032      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7558399      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    141852548                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.502977                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235990                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534562610                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165640395                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139717326                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    142088538                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       289572                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2239541                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          585                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101456                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3644407                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1593096                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129279                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149299952                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56628                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13999316                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7582640                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19683                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109056                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          585                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1244027                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1195498                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2439525                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139887645                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12097317                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1964901                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 148                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           19655428                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19885530                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7558111                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.496010                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            139717550                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           139717326                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        80201342                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       216100842                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.495406                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105522087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    129843978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19455976                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35888                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2161241                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246957574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193733553     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26354774     10.67%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9983173      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4754785      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3984005      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2298204      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2027315      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       906547      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2915218      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246957574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    105522087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    129843978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             19240955                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11759771                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             17904                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18723821                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       116987809                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2673792                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2915218                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          393341582                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         302244395                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3185446                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              31423672                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         105522087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           129843978                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    105522087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.672669                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.672669                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.374158                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.374158                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      629615713                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     194631348                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     138594475                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        35856                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20689079                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16966694                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024265                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8519813                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8077626                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2119288                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90704                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197351444                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            117619105                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20689079                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10196914                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25869620                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5765088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     18622571                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12163192                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2013755                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    245548501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      219678881     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2803165      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3238559      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1780064      0.72%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2065361      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1124889      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         766625      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        2004796      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12086161      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    245548501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073359                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.417051                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      195755425                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     20249278                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25663983                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       193814                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3685995                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3358361                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18871                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    143597401                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        93924                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3685995                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      196058819                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       6343917                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     13046410                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        25562502                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       850852                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    143511470                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       221796                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       393535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    199389761                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    668196829                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    668196829                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    170084572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       29305189                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        37358                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20761                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2288137                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13716245                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7460332                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196771                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1658855                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143266527                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       135310371                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       192182                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18054853                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41848668                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4047                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245548501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188546303     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22910023      9.33%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12317012      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8540676      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7460028      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3823526      1.56%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       913587      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       593736      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443610      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245548501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34746     11.81%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       128420     43.64%     55.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131130     44.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113257426     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2117368      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16564      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12512221      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7406792      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    135310371                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.479780                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            294296                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002175                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    516655721                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161360115                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133059366                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    135604667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       339540                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2446245                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          890                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       168488                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8284                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4603                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3685995                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       5854786                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       147508                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143304105                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        76107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13716245                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7460332                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20770                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103799                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1169654                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1142090                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2311744                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133316648                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11747873                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1993723                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19152961                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18650788                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7405088                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.472711                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            133061287                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           133059366                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        79090181                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       207213597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.471799                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381684                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99878507                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    122538846                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20766557                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33409                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2035968                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241862506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191803388     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23217085      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9729627      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5840496      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4049110      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2608921      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1359941      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1091176      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2162762      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241862506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99878507                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    122538846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18561844                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11270000                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17537465                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110473628                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2493049                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2162762                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          383004471                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         290296873                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3026016                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              36477152                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99878507                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           122538846                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99878507                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.823687                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.823687                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.354147                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.354147                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      601323123                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     184665884                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     133986346                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33378                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       24489374                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20387827                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2223939                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9341970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8960888                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2636820                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103526                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213037674                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            134324320                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          24489374                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     11597708                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            28001815                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6192179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     19129088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13228665                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2126221                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    264122979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      236121164     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1717926      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2165343      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3445035      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1443660      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1859362      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2163459      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         991992      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       14215038      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    264122979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086834                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.476284                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      211789956                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     20503554                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        27868938                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        13066                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3947463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3729771                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          635                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    164213152                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3146                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3947463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      212003951                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        683460                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     19221550                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        27668285                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       598263                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    163205643                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        86215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       417409                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    227935192                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    758966326                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    758966326                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    190788591                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       37146601                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        39493                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20574                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2101763                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     15290880                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7993793                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        90422                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1811776                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        159363945                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39635                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       152906879                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       153832                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19295833                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39278328                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1473                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264122979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199337509     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29542186     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12084265      4.58%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6770504      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9175352      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2824528      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2777477      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1493523      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117635      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264122979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1053091     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       144232     10.82%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136268     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128817676     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2090443      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18919      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14010207      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7969634      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    152906879                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.542174                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1333591                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    571424160                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178700127                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148930201                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    154240470                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       114018                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2890829                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          717                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114420                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3947463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        519688                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65922                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159403589                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       124985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15290880                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7993793                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20574                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57592                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          717                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1315083                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1252246                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2567329                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150246499                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13781521                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2660380                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           21750596                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       21250081                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7969075                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.532741                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            148930568                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           148930201                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        89231062                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       239715233                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528073                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372238                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110996308                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    136772931                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22631391                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2242933                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260175516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202291177     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29335610     11.28%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10648258      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5304957      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4857156      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2036972      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2018647      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       961344      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2721395      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260175516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    110996308                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    136772931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             20279424                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            12400051                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             19038                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         19825215                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       123139783                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2824272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2721395                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          416857676                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         322756129                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3229867                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              17902674                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         110996308                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           136772931                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    110996308                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.540856                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.540856                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393568                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393568                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      676033532                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     208100328                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     151859658                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        38130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19369176                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17287570                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1544435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12920627                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12637212                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1164762                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46856                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204630611                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            109962671                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19369176                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13801974                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24516084                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5057118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      8318097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12381285                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1516008                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    240968791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      216452707     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3736628      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1882881      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3691572      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1188980      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3424249      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         540585      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         877111      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9174078      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    240968791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068679                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.389903                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      202706800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     10288907                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24467682                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19532                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3485869                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1837084                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        18130                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    123035305                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        34243                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3485869                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      202925942                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6653853                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2939821                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24250213                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       713087                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    122856714                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        95988                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       544354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    161029918                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    556804764                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    556804764                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    130669996                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       30359915                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16519                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8358                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1645748                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     22133416                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3602271                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23860                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       819319                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        122218168                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16576                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       114481719                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74411                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21991448                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44980830                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          119                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    240968791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190771804     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15797009      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16831568      6.98%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9721280      4.03%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5028730      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1259815      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1495081      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34779      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28725      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    240968791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192115     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79043     23.53%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64751     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89794015     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       898936      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8162      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20208921     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3571685      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    114481719                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.405927                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335909                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    470342549                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144226485                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111580427                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    114817628                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89687                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4497928                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          299                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81906                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3485869                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5840792                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85631                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122234827                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6336                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22133416                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3602271                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8356                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41139                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2291                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          299                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1043842                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593292                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1637134                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113026925                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19917436                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1454794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           23488970                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17183308                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3571534                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.400768                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            111605920                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           111580427                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        67511442                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       147148699                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.395639                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458797                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88885279                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    100089707                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22150042                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16457                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1534753                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237482922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200209384     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14653180      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9403356      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2961226      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4911204      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       960712      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       608095      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       556929      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3218836      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237482922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     88885279                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    100089707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21155846                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            17635487                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15355115                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        87475150                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1253136                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3218836                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          356503510                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         247968137                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4565183                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              41056862                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          88885279                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           100089707                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     88885279                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.172917                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.172917                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.315167                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.315167                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      525332294                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     145411118                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     130632802                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16440                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19812213                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16203711                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1934590                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8161147                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7812123                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2037128                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85791                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192286106                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            112457582                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19812213                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9849251                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23561757                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5636316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      8946382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11824728                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1947275                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    228453176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      204891419     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1279997      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2018409      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3214988      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1327362      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1479755      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1588889      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1034313      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11618044      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    228453176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070250                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.398749                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      190449319                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     10797353                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23488691                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        59346                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3658466                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3247208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          468                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    137303651                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3658466                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      190746011                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2165052                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      7751697                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23256655                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       875282                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    137214882                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        33817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       235587                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       321368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        68386                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    190493511                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    638323913                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    638323913                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    162521591                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       27971920                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        35327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19608                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2559679                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13067951                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7031471                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211424                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1596914                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        137020986                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35435                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       129668223                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163187                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17363372                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38770088                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3739                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228453176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173752192     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21973461      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12004836      5.25%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8182961      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7643724      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2195714      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1718845      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581873      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       399570      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228453176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30081     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        91829     38.47%     51.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116767     48.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108621849     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2052015      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15715      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11984482      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6994162      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    129668223                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.459775                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            238677                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488191486                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154421238                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127587235                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    129906900                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       390619                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2341229                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          367                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1471                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       212318                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8081                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3658466                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1344112                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117288                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137056559                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56996                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13067951                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7031471                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19604                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86118                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1471                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1131181                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1104299                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2235480                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127824268                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11271915                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1843955                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18264259                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17989656                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6992344                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.453236                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            127588110                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           127587235                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        74595951                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       194869705                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.452396                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382799                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95464869                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    117015851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20041219                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31696                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1975940                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224794710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177295709     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23002280     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8955480      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4825576      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3610427      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2018267      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1244609      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1113710      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2728652      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224794710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     95464869                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    117015851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             17545875                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10726722                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             15814                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16797015                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       105440217                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2377195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2728652                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          359122491                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         277772851                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3116213                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              53572477                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          95464869                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           117015851                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     95464869                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.954235                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.954235                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.338497                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.338497                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      576424168                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     176847609                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     128085723                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        31666                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       21813757                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17848441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2135973                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9143790                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8597470                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2256083                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97373                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210266833                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            121939152                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          21813757                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10853553                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            25466816                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5812545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     11267046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12864112                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2137089                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    250649539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      225182723     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1192153      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1888454      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2555190      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2631452      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2222405      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1240901      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1849206      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11887055      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    250649539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077347                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432369                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      208100436                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     13452018                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25419638                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        28979                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3648466                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3590355                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    149641871                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1983                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3648466                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      208673979                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1906251                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     10221916                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24881896                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1317029                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    149583650                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       195191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       565326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    208736438                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    695859812                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    695859812                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    181175351                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       27561082                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        37508                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19696                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3908931                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14011843                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7589816                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89001                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1731333                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        149399463                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37642                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       141978648                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19687                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16362888                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39032169                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1723                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250649539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190605366     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24662615      9.84%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12507137      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9452121      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7421557      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2993290      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1890886      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       985134      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131433      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250649539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26453     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86411     36.55%     47.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123569     52.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119412646     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2115392      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17808      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12867639      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7565163      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    141978648                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503425                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            236433                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001665                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534862955                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165800569                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139840406                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    142215081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       286455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2241886                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          578                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102149                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3648466                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1586202                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129537                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149437254                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56647                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14011843                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7589816                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19700                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109319                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          578                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1244285                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1197122                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2441407                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140010917                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12107339                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1967731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 149                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19672210                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19902380                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7564871                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496447                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            139840622                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           139840406                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        80275175                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       216296728                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495843                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371134                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105613858                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    129956812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19480462                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35919                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2162931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    247001073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193729276     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26381176     10.68%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9988826      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4759180      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3987605      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2301850      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2027823      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908860      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2916477      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    247001073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    105613858                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    129956812                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             19257621                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11769954                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17920                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18740042                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       117089491                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2676105                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2916477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          393521142                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         302523080                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3188206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              31376114                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         105613858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           129956812                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    105613858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.670347                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.670347                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.374483                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.374483                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      630173223                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     194801311                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     138720778                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        35886                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19828686                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16215742                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1939259                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8296644                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7828906                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2040954                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86144                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192548720                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            112480921                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19828686                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9869860                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23579051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5632432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      8856997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11841253                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1951667                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    228634997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      205055946     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1282070      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2021264      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3216027      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1330435      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1494297      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1584056      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1034896      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11616006      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    228634997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070308                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.398832                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      190713445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     10706514                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23505955                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        59308                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3649774                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3250894                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          457                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    137358000                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2979                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3649774                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      191007667                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2110586                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      7715781                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23276034                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       875142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    137266924                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        35893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       235718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       318414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        73417                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    190566875                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    638530190                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    638530190                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    162731574                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       27835298                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35583                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19846                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2547264                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13091046                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7034683                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211837                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1595128                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        137074520                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35685                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       129802333                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       164229                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17261120                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38358239                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3947                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228634997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173865289     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22005700      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12031915      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8182121      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7647780      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2200114      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1718549      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584776      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398753      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228634997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30182     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92117     38.50%     51.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116962     48.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108736326     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2050015      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15735      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12002540      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6997717      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    129802333                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.460250                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239261                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488643153                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154372757                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127713210                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    130041594                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       395793                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2350475                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          342                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1458                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       206748                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8063                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           62                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3649774                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1317565                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117841                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137110351                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55941                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13091046                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7034683                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19835                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        87088                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1458                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1133420                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1106245                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2239665                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127951537                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11289672                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1850796                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18285745                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18012514                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6996073                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.453688                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            127714078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           127713210                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        74674527                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       195050336                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.452843                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382847                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95588177                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    117167004                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19943755                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31738                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1980742                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224985223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177425280     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23030561     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8968343      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4831118      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3616571      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2019440      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1247410      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1113541      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2732959      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224985223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     95588177                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    117167004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             17568504                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10740569                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             15834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         16818741                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       105576385                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2380265                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2732959                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          359362386                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         277871513                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3122317                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              53390656                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          95588177                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           117167004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     95588177                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.950424                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.950424                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.338934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.338934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      577012930                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     177025423                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     128126132                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        31710                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              282025653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19411579                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17325169                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1546629                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12969292                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12663923                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1167532                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        47099                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    205037675                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            110195583                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19411579                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     13831455                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24570323                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5063276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      8139364                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12405295                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1518031                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    241255308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      216684985     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3746144      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1888554      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3699413      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1190540      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3431367      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         541721      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         877243      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        9195341      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    241255308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068829                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.390729                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      203106046                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     10117978                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24521753                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        19768                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3489762                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1841546                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        18184                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    123299574                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        34353                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3489762                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      203326110                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       6508348                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2911731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24303359                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       715992                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    123119522                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        96506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       546446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    161384478                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    557999371                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    557999371                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    130981171                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       30403300                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        16573                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8389                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1652043                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     22171244                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3611503                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23746                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       820545                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        122476908                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16629                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       114728879                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74489                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22014460                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45026666                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          127                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241255308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190948284     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15833212      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16866468      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9744965      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5038389      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1261970      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1498513      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34704      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28803      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241255308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        192567     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79199     23.52%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64936     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89992782     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       901090      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8184      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20245701     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3581122      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    114728879                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.406803                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336702                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002935                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    471124257                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144508282                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111825956                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    115065581                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        91394                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4498136                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          292                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81928                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3489762                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       5696888                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85773                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122493626                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6576                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22171244                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3611503                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8386                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41086                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2255                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          292                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045259                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       593722                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1638981                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113270238                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19953659                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1458641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           23534615                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17221565                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3580956                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.401631                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            111851347                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           111825956                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        67658756                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       147483530                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.396510                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.458755                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89090972                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    100325019                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22173533                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1536915                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237765546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200403554     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14689328      6.18%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9425916      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2968230      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4921370      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       962039      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       609766      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       557846      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3227497      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237765546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     89090972                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    100325019                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             21202680                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            17673105                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8234                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15391014                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        87681708                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1256397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3227497                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          357036276                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         248489643                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4573316                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              40770345                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          89090972                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           100325019                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     89090972                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.165592                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.165592                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.315897                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.315897                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      526461939                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     145735850                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     130910075                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16486                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        19584                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.537487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         231764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        21632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        10.713942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.875068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.591465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1656.150574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         356.920380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.808667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.174278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 36392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               19911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  36548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36547                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 36548                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               19567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                19571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19534                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               19571                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82090984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16728728489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16810819473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5041909                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5041909                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82090984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16733770398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16815861382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82090984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16733770398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16815861382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        55921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             55959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           19911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              56119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             56119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2218675.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 856565.718843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 859141.384627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1260477.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1260477.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2218675.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 856648.428279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 859223.411272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2218675.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 856648.428279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 859223.411272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks              10584                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                   10584                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           19571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          19571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78841986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15013611971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15092453957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4690709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4690709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78841986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15018302680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15097144666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78841986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15018302680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15097144666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2130864.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 768746.132668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771321.815148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1172677.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1172677.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2130864.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 768828.846114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771403.845792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2130864.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 768828.846114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771403.845792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        19078                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.841412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         160631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        21126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         7.603474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.630328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.425727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1671.757599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         345.027758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.816288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.168471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 36193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6502                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                6502                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  36264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        36263                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 36264                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               19077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                19077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19043                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               19077                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56569179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15292994367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15349563546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56569179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15292994367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    15349563546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56569179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15292994367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   15349563546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             55270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6502                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            6502                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              55341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             55341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1663799.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803076.950428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804610.973738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1663799.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803076.950428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 804610.973738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1663799.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803076.950428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 804610.973738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               2543                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    2543                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           19077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          19077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53583475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13620333842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13673917317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53583475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13620333842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13673917317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53583475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13620333842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13673917317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1575984.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715240.972641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716775.033653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1575984.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715240.972641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716775.033653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1575984.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715240.972641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716775.033653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        30920                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.605655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         166336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        32968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         5.045377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.067716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.787233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1659.514879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         372.235827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.810310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.181756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 38894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8086                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                8086                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  38995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38994                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 38995                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               30881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                30910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30870                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               30910                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63458526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  28399786853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28463245379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     22439995                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22439995                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63458526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  28422226848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    28485685374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63458526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  28422226848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   28485685374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        69734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             69775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8086                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            8086                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             130                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        69864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              69905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        69864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             69905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.223077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.223077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.441858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.441858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1586463.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 920845.201290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921707.372786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 773792.931034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 773792.931034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1586463.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 920707.056948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 921568.598318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1586463.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 920707.056948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 921568.598318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               4618                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    4618                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           30910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          30910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59946526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25691603369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25751549895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19892018                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19892018                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59946526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25711495387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25771441913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59946526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  25711495387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25771441913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.223077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.441858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.441858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1498663.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 833034.057553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833896.243483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 685931.655172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 685931.655172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1498663.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 832895.866116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833757.421967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1498663.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 832895.866116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833757.421967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        19645                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.529008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         231891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        21693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        10.689669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.088297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.676676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1653.774369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         358.989667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.807507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.175288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        36489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 36490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19943                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               19943                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        36647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  36648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        36647                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 36648                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               19625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                19632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19595                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               19632                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83354939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16713116237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16796471176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4967585                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4967585                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83354939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16718083822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    16801438761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83354939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16718083822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   16801438761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        56077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             56115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19943                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           19943                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        56242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              56280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        56242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             56280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.042424                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.042424                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2252836.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 853232.399275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855871.142726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       709655                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       709655                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2252836.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 853181.108548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855819.007793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2252836.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 853181.108548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855819.007793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks              10609                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                   10609                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           19632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          19632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80105712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14992788623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15072894335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4352985                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4352985                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80105712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14997141608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15077247320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80105712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14997141608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15077247320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.042424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2165019.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 765406.811466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768045.571210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       621855                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       621855                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2165019.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 765355.529880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767993.445395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2165019.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 765355.529880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767993.445395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        36516                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.937437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         205307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        38564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.323799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.553870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     1.756057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1823.234250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         219.393259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.890251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.107126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        42783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 42784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13561                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               13561                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        42812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  42813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        42812                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 42813                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               36470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                36516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36477                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               36516                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62117574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34315647205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34377764779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     74263089                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     74263089                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62117574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34389910294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    34452027868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62117574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  34389910294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   34452027868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        79214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             79254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13561                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           13561                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        79289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              79329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        79289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             79329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.613333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.613333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.460051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.460051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1592758.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 941935.362878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942631.334768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1614414.978261                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1614414.978261                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1592758.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 942783.405817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 943477.595246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1592758.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 942783.405817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 943477.595246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5733                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5733                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           36516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          36516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58692552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31116763323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31175455875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     70223664                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70223664                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58692552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31186986987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31245679539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58692552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  31186986987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31245679539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.459906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.613333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.460051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.460051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1504937.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 854128.717933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854824.674390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1526601.391304                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1526601.391304                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1504937.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 854976.752118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855670.926142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1504937.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 854976.752118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855670.926142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        19153                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.840411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         160703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        21201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         7.579973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.623194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.387551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1672.743447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         344.086219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.816769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.168011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 36241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6526                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                6526                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  36313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36312                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 36313                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               19153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                19153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19119                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               19153                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52839154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14999920302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15052759456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52839154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14999920302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    15052759456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52839154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14999920302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   15052759456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             55394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6526                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            6526                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              55466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             55466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554092.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 784555.693394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 785921.759307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554092.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 784555.693394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 785921.759307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554092.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 784555.693394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 785921.759307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               2549                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    2549                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           19153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          19153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49853954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13321090564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13370944518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49853954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13321090564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13370944518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49853954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13321090564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13370944518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1466292.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 696746.198232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698112.281000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1466292.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 696746.198232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698112.281000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1466292.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 696746.198232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698112.281000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         9081                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.225343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         217988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        11129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        19.587384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.073996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     4.863064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1403.273701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         601.014581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.685192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.293464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        29772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 29774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9284                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                9284                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        29998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  30000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        29998                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 30000                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                9081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 9081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9047                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                9081                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     93324133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7434303657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7527627790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     93324133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7434303657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     7527627790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     93324133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7434303657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    7527627790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        38819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             38855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9284                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            9284                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        39045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              39081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        39045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             39081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.233056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2744827.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 821742.418150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828942.604339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2744827.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 821742.418150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828942.604339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2744827.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 821742.418150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828942.604339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4782                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4782                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            9081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           9081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     90337785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6639690082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6730027867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     90337785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6639690082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6730027867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     90337785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6639690082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6730027867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.233056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2656993.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 733910.697690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741110.876225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2656993.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 733910.697690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741110.876225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2656993.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 733910.697690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741110.876225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        19578                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.531090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         231939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        21626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        10.725007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.039247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.649967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1655.915651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         356.926225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.808553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.174280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 36549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19929                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               19929                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  36706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        36705                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 36706                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               19561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                19566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19529                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               19566                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     73032050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16493446686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16566478736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4203333                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4203333                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     73032050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16497650019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    16570682069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     73032050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16497650019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   16570682069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             56110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19929                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           19929                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              56272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        56234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             56272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.030864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.030864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1973839.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 844778.051936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 846913.692347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 840666.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 840666.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1973839.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 844776.999283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 846912.095932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1973839.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 844776.999283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 846912.095932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              10582                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   10582                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           19566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          19566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69783450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14779068692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14848852142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3764333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3764333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69783450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14782833025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14852616475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69783450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14782833025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14852616475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.348195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.030864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1886039.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756969.304036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759104.960994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 752866.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752866.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1886039.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756968.253623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759103.366810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1886039.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756968.253623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759103.366810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        12723                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.455517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         195589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        14771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        13.241419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.957536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     5.076056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1529.305783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         486.116142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.746731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.237361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        30313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 30315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9754                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                9754                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        30476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  30478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        30476                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 30478                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               12719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                12719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12677                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               12719                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92486992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10396312205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10488799197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92486992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10396312205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    10488799197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92486992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10396312205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   10488799197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        42990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             43034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9754                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            9754                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             163                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        43153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              43197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        43153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             43197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2202071.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 820092.467066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824655.963283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2202071.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 820092.467066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 824655.963283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2202071.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 820092.467066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 824655.963283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5576                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5576                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           12718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          12718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88799392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9280869209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9369668601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88799392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9280869209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9369668601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88799392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9280869209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9369668601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2114271.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 732160.713869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736725.004010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2114271.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 732160.713869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736725.004010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2114271.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 732160.713869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736725.004010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        19487                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.534753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         231701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        21535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        10.759276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.060276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.597729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1659.797412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         353.079335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.810448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.172402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 36346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19895                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               19895                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  36502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36501                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 36502                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               19469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                19475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19439                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               19475                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73422916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16751772932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16825195848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6469614                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6469614                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73422916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16758242546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    16831665462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73422916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16758242546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   16831665462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             55815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19895                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           19895                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              55977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             55977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.037037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.347497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.347497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2039525.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 862027.115319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 864204.419744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1078269                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1078269                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2039525.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 862093.860075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 864270.370321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2039525.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 862093.860075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 864270.370321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks              10561                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                   10561                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           19475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          19475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70250866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15044359848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15114610714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5942064                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5942064                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70250866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15050301912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15120552778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     70250866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15050301912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15120552778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.037037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.347497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.347497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1951412.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 774165.586785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776342.427141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       990344                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       990344                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1951412.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 774232.311950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776408.358306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1951412.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 774232.311950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776408.358306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         9089                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.231352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         218032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        11137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        19.577265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.078243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     4.862657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1403.354949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         600.935502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.685232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.293426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        29794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 29796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9306                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                9306                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  30021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30019                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 30021                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                9089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 9089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9055                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                9089                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99457446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7343465924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7442923370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99457446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7343465924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     7442923370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99457446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7343465924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    7442923370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        38849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             38885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9306                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            9306                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              39110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             39110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.233082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2925219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 810984.640972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818893.538343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2925219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 810984.640972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818893.538343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2925219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 810984.640972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818893.538343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               4785                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    4785                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            9089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           9089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     96472246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6548348693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6644820939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     96472246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6548348693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6644820939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     96472246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6548348693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6644820939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.233082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2837419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 723174.897073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731083.830894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2837419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 723174.897073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731083.830894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2837419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 723174.897073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731083.830894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        19090                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.834506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         160791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        21138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         7.606727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.549418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.386787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1672.361698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         343.536603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.816583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.167742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 36257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                6598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  36329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36328                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 36329                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               19089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                19089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19055                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               19089                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59902513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15190357897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15250260410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59902513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15190357897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    15250260410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59902513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15190357897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   15250260410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             55346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            6598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              55418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             55418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.344903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1761838.617647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 797184.880451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 798903.054639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1761838.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 797184.880451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 798903.054639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1761838.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 797184.880451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 798903.054639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               2539                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    2539                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           19089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          19089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     56915727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13516826179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13573741906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     56915727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13516826179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13573741906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     56915727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13516826179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13573741906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1673991.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 709358.497980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711076.636073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1673991.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 709358.497980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711076.636073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1673991.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 709358.497980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711076.636073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        30880                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.600991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         166214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        32928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.047801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.066189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.596751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1658.293808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         373.644243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.809714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.182443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 38800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  38901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38900                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 38901                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               30841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                30870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30833                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               30870                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     51598486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28849337684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28900936170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     26708872                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26708872                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     51598486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28876046556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    28927645042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     51598486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  28876046556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   28927645042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        69603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             69641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          130                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             130                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        69733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              69771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        69733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             69771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.223077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.223077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1394553.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 936545.178678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937094.652249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 920995.586207                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 920995.586207                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1394553.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 936530.553498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 937079.528409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1394553.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 936530.553498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 937079.528409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4604                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4604                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           30870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          30870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     48349886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  26144014491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26192364377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     24161955                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24161955                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     48349886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  26168176446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26216526332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     48349886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  26168176446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26216526332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.223077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1306753.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 848721.415758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849270.917837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 833170.862069                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833170.862069                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1306753.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 848706.789673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849255.793068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1306753.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 848706.789673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849255.793068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        12737                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.460751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         195651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        14785                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        13.233074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.971253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     5.130589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1529.609524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         485.749385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.746880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.237182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        30362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 30364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9767                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                9767                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 160                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        30522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  30524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        30522                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 30524                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               12733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                12733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12690                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               12733                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78265414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10297548311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10375813725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78265414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10297548311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    10375813725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78265414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10297548311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   10375813725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        43052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             43097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9767                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            9767                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        43212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              43257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        43212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             43257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1820125.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 811469.528054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814875.812849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1820125.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 811469.528054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814875.812849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1820125.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 811469.528054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814875.812849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5584                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5584                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           12732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          12732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74489548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9180234125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9254723673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74489548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9180234125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9254723673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74489548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9180234125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9254723673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1732315.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 723479.716684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726886.873468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1732315.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 723479.716684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726886.873468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1732315.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 723479.716684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726886.873468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        30957                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.601924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         166260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        33005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.037419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.153523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.660248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1659.930482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         371.857671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.810513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.181571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 38837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                8067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  38938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38937                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 38938                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               30918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                30946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30908                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               30946                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61904773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28758048436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28819953209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     26173854                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26173854                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61904773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28784222290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    28846127063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61904773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28784222290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   28846127063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        69716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             69755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            8067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        69845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              69884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        69845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             69884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.217054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1629072.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 931283.951943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932141.574778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 934780.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934780.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1629072.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 931287.119516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932143.962483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1629072.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 931287.119516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932143.962483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4609                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4609                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           30946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          30946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58567905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26046179471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26104747376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23714923                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23714923                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58567905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26069894394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26128462299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58567905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26069894394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26128462299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.217054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1541260.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 843464.361108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844321.992884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 846961.535714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846961.535714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1541260.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 843467.529248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844324.381148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1541260.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 843467.529248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844324.381148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        19150                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.831945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         160709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        21198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         7.581328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.620384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.410247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1673.312111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         343.489203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.817047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.167719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 36249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6524                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                6524                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  36323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        36322                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 36323                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               19149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                19149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19115                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               19149                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63308767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14979185984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15042494751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63308767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14979185984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    15042494751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63308767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14979185984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   15042494751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             55398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6524                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            6524                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              55472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        55437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             55472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1862022.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 783635.154800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 785549.885164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1862022.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 783635.154800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 785549.885164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1862022.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 783635.154800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 785549.885164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               2548                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    2548                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           19149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          19149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60322774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13300655886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13360978660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60322774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13300655886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13360978660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60322774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13300655886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13360978660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.344806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1774199.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 695822.960293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697737.670897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1774199.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 695822.960293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697737.670897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1774199.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 695822.960293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697737.670897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              518.720782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012176166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1946492.626923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.720782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.058847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12168074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12168074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12168074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12168074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12168074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12168074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    117353615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117353615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    117353615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117353615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    117353615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117353615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12168127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12168127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12168127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12168127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12168127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12168127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2214219.150943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2214219.150943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2214219.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2214219.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2214219.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2214219.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82473327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82473327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82473327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82473327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     82473327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82473327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2170350.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2170350.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2170350.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2170350.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2170350.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2170350.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56081                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172660261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56337                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3064.775565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.818418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.181582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8582225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8582225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7259271                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7259271                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15841496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15841496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15841496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15841496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5607                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5607                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       196812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       196812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       196812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       196812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  81125268689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81125268689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3447407507                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3447407507                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84572676196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84572676196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84572676196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84572676196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8773430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8773430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16038308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16038308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16038308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16038308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000772                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000772                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 424284.243032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424284.243032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 614839.933476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 614839.933476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 429713.006300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429713.006300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 429713.006300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429713.006300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     48995957                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets            97                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 505112.958763                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       135284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       140731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       140731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        55921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19283927621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19283927621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15189335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15189335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19299116956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19299116956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19299116956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19299116956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344842.324368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344842.324368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94933.343750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94933.343750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344129.330005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344129.330005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 344129.330005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344129.330005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              558.495519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              931062240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1656694.377224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.344097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.151422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.053436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12365057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12365057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12365057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12365057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12365057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12365057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68051107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68051107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68051107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68051107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68051107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68051107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12365108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12365108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12365108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12365108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12365108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12365108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1334335.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1334335.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1334335.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1334335.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1334335.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1334335.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56940788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56940788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56940788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56940788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56940788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56940788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1626879.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1626879.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1626879.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1626879.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1626879.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1626879.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                55306                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              224750649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                55562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4045.042457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   203.258182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    52.741818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.793977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.206023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18165442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18165442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3499164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3499164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8277                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8277                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21664606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       21664606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21664606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      21664606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       195285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       195592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       195592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       195592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       195592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  88084501853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88084501853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     26308653                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26308653                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  88110810506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88110810506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  88110810506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88110810506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18360727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18360727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3499471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3499471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21860198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21860198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21860198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21860198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 451056.158194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451056.158194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85695.938111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85695.938111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 450482.691041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450482.691041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 450482.691041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450482.691041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       140050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       140286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       140286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17824288577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17824288577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4579898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4579898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17828868475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17828868475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17828868475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17828868475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 322699.168589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322699.168589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64505.605634                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64505.605634                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 322367.708296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322367.708296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 322367.708296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322367.708296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              527.972232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1016315519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1913965.195857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    38.892717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   489.079514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.062328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.783781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11857474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11857474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11857474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11857474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11857474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11857474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     87030357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87030357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     87030357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87030357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     87030357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87030357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11857533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11857533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11857533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11857533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11857533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11857533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1475090.796610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1475090.796610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1475090.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1475090.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1475090.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1475090.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63872396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63872396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63872396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63872396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63872396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63872396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1557863.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1557863.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1557863.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1557863.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1557863.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1557863.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                69864                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              180719668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                70120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2577.291329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.131341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.868659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.914576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.085424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8217449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8217449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6806779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6806779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15024228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15024228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15024228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15024228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       181942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          923                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          923                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       182865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       182865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  79108731338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79108731338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    298493219                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    298493219                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  79407224557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79407224557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  79407224557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79407224557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8399391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8399391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6807702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6807702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        19496                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19496                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15207093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15207093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15207093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15207093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 434801.922250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434801.922250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 323394.603467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 323394.603467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 434239.600563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434239.600563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 434239.600563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434239.600563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       169090                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       169090                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       112208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       113001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       113001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        69734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        69864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        69864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  31210501541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31210501541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     29199357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29199357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  31239700898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31239700898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  31239700898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31239700898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 447565.054937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447565.054937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 224610.438462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224610.438462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 447150.190341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447150.190341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 447150.190341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447150.190341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.211056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1012188394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1946516.142308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    36.211056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.058031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12180302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12180302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12180302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12180302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12180302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12180302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    114837096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114837096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    114837096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114837096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    114837096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114837096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12180354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12180354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12180354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12180354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12180354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12180354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2208405.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2208405.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2208405.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2208405.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2208405.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2208405.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83733937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83733937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83733937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83733937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83733937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83733937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2203524.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203524.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2203524.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203524.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2203524.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2203524.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                56242                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              172672505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                56498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3056.258717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.820124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.179876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.913360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.086640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8587128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8587128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7266542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7266542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15853670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15853670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15853670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15853670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       191781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       197371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       197371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       197371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       197371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  81092553424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81092553424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3473113879                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3473113879                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  84565667303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84565667303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  84565667303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84565667303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8778909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8778909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7272132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7272132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16051041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16051041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16051041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16051041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000769                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000769                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 422839.350217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422839.350217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 621308.386225                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 621308.386225                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 428460.449119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 428460.449119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 428460.449119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 428460.449119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     54755030                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets            94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 582500.319149                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           19943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       135704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       141129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       141129                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141129                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        56077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        56242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        56242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  19275243351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19275243351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15318562                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15318562                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  19290561913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19290561913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  19290561913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19290561913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343728.147922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343728.147922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92839.769697                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92839.769697                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342992.103997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342992.103997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342992.103997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342992.103997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              578.286972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1041183339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1785906.241852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.992261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   540.294711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.865857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11600558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11600558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11600558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11600558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11600558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11600558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81147549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81147549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81147549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81147549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     81147549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81147549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11600614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11600614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11600614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11600614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11600614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11600614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1449063.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1449063.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1449063.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1449063.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1449063.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1449063.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62505988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62505988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62505988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62505988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62505988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62505988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1562649.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562649.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1562649.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562649.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1562649.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1562649.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                79289                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              448483105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                79545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5638.105538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.908405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.091595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     30322429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30322429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16600209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16600209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     46922638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       46922638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     46922638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      46922638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       289050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       289355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       289355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       289355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       289355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 141983129495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 141983129495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    297480639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    297480639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 142280610134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 142280610134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 142280610134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 142280610134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     30611479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30611479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16600514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16600514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8123                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8123                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     47211993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47211993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     47211993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47211993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 491206.121761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491206.121761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 975346.357377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 975346.357377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 491716.438748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491716.438748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 491716.438748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491716.438748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1261215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1261215                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           13561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       209836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       210066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       210066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       210066                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       210066                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        79214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        79289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        79289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  37539763779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37539763779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     76569655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76569655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  37616333434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37616333434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  37616333434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37616333434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 473903.145643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473903.145643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1020928.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020928.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474420.580837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474420.580837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 474420.580837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474420.580837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              558.508658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              931097276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1656756.718861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.319280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.189377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12400093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12400093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12400093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12400093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12400093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12400093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61772065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61772065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61772065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61772065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61772065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61772065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12400144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12400144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12400144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12400144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12400144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12400144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1211216.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1211216.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1211216.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1211216.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1211216.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1211216.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53203136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53203136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53203136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53203136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53203136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53203136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1520089.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520089.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1520089.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520089.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1520089.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520089.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              224807537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                55686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4037.056657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   203.200981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    52.799019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.793754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.206246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     18210350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18210350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3511078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3511078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8239                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8239                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21721428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       21721428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21721428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      21721428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       195562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       195877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       195877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       195877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       195877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  86538853067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86538853067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     27219726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27219726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  86566072793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  86566072793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  86566072793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  86566072793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18405912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18405912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3511393                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3511393                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8316                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8316                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8239                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8239                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21917305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21917305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21917305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21917305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442513.643075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442513.643075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86411.828571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86411.828571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 441940.977210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441940.977210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 441940.977210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441940.977210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6526                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6526                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       140446                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140446                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17534482657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17534482657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4691084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4691084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17539173741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17539173741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17539173741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17539173741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 316741.318611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316741.318611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65153.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65153.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 316414.528711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316414.528711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 316414.528711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316414.528711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              489.715625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1015005530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2067221.038697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    34.715625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.055634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13216572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13216572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13216572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13216572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13216572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13216572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    138061113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    138061113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    138061113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    138061113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    138061113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    138061113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13216618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13216618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13216618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13216618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13216618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13216618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3001328.543478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3001328.543478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3001328.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3001328.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3001328.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3001328.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1987109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 662369.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     93771931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93771931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     93771931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93771931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     93771931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93771931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2604775.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2604775.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2604775.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2604775.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2604775.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2604775.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                39045                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              165450929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                39301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4209.840182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.560946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.439054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.912347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.087653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     10541320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10541320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7833131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7833131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20469                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20469                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19051                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19051                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     18374451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       18374451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     18374451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      18374451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       100521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       102813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       102813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       102813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       102813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22643793871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22643793871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    147700206                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147700206                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22791494077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22791494077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22791494077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22791494077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     10641841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10641841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7835423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7835423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        20469                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20469                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18477264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18477264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18477264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18477264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 225264.311646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225264.311646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64441.625654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64441.625654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221679.107477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221679.107477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221679.107477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221679.107477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           52                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    17.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            9284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        61702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        63768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        63768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        38819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        39045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        39045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9445480238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9445480238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     16497332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16497332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9461977570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9461977570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9461977570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9461977570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 243321.060254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243321.060254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 72997.044248                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72997.044248                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242335.191958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242335.191958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242335.191958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242335.191958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              518.605202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1012197643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1946533.928846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    36.605202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.058662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12189551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12189551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12189551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12189551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12189551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12189551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    104963079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104963079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    104963079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104963079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    104963079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104963079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12189604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12189604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12189604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12189604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12189604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12189604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1980435.452830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1980435.452830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1980435.452830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1980435.452830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1980435.452830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1980435.452830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     73423073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73423073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     73423073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73423073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     73423073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73423073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1932186.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1932186.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1932186.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1932186.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1932186.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1932186.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                56234                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              172682610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                56490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3056.870420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.815995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.184005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8593177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8593177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7270585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7270585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17853                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17853                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16735                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15863762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15863762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15863762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15863762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       191888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5650                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5650                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       197538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       197538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       197538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       197538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  80315030485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80315030485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3233322297                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3233322297                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  83548352782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83548352782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  83548352782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83548352782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8785065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8785065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7276235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7276235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17853                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17853                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16735                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16061300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16061300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16061300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16061300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 418551.605546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418551.605546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 572269.433097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 572269.433097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 422948.256953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 422948.256953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 422948.256953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 422948.256953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     41189877                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets            97                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 424637.907216                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           19929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       135816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       141304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       141304                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141304                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        56234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19058944406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19058944406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     14464227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14464227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19073408633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19073408633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  19073408633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19073408633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339901.277037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339901.277037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89285.351852                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89285.351852                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339179.297809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339179.297809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339179.297809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339179.297809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.049961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1011547623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1949032.028902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    43.049961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.068990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12851788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12851788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12851788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12851788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12851788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12851788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    120037861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    120037861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    120037861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    120037861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    120037861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    120037861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12851846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12851846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12851846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12851846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12851846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12851846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2069618.293103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2069618.293103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2069618.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2069618.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2069618.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2069618.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       236619                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       236619                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92984898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92984898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92984898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92984898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92984898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92984898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2113293.136364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2113293.136364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2113293.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2113293.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2113293.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2113293.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                43153                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              167223250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                43409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3852.271418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.431096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.568904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8844368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8844368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7445782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7445782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19546                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19546                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17928                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17928                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16290150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       16290150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16290150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      16290150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       138195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          965                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          965                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       139160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       139160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       139160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       139160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  46711409666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46711409666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81217417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81217417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  46792627083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46792627083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  46792627083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46792627083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8982563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8982563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7446747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7446747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19546                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19546                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17928                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17928                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16429310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16429310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16429310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16429310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 338010.851811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338010.851811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84163.126425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84163.126425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 336250.553916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336250.553916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 336250.553916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336250.553916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            9754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        95205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        96007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        96007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        42990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        43153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        43153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12477701419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12477701419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10504624                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10504624                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12488206043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12488206043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12488206043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12488206043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 290246.601977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290246.601977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64445.546012                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64445.546012                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 289393.693208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289393.693208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 289393.693208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289393.693208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              518.235301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012171233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1950233.589595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    36.235301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.058069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12163141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12163141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12163141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12163141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12163141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12163141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103855854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103855854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103855854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103855854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103855854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103855854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12163192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12163192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12163192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12163192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12163192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12163192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2036389.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2036389.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2036389.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2036389.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2036389.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2036389.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73804683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73804683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73804683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73804683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73804683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73804683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1994721.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994721.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1994721.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994721.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1994721.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994721.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                55940                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              172644104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                56196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3072.177806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.817101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.182899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.913348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.086652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8574951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8574951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7250602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7250602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16689                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16689                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15825553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15825553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15825553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15825553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       190888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       196381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       196381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       196381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       196381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  81005562554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81005562554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3538656743                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3538656743                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  84544219297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84544219297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  84544219297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84544219297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8765839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8765839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7256095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7256095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16021934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16021934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16021934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16021934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000757                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000757                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 424361.733341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424361.733341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 644212.041325                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 644212.041325                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 430511.196587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430511.196587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 430511.196587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430511.196587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     53364271                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 567705.010638                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19895                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           19895                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       135110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       140441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       140441                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140441                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19303293603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19303293603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16616540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16616540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19319910143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19319910143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19319910143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19319910143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 346073.606135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346073.606135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102571.234568                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102571.234568                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 345368.433018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345368.433018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 345368.433018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345368.433018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              489.716010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1015017573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2067245.566191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    34.716010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.055635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13228615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13228615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13228615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13228615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13228615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13228615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    143235019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143235019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    143235019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    143235019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    143235019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    143235019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13228662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13228662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13228662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13228662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13228662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13228662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3047553.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3047553.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3047553.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3047553.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3047553.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3047553.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3244216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       811054                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99869116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99869116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99869116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99869116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99869116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99869116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2774142.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2774142.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2774142.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2774142.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2774142.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2774142.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                39074                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              165467132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                39330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4207.148029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.557715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.442285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     10552254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10552254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7838584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7838584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20271                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20271                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18390838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       18390838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18390838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      18390838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       100511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       102785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       102785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       102785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       102785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22435800805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22435800805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    146811339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146811339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22582612144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22582612144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22582612144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22582612144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     10652765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10652765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7840858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7840858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        20271                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20271                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19065                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18493623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18493623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18493623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18493623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 223217.367303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223217.367303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64560.835092                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64560.835092                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 219707.273863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219707.273863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 219707.273863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219707.273863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           45                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    22.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9306                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9306                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        61662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        63711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        63711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9356144817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9356144817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16416085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16416085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9372560902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9372560902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9372560902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9372560902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 240833.607480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240833.607480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 72960.377778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72960.377778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 239866.942263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239866.942263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 239866.942263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239866.942263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.506401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              931078417                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1656723.161922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.316556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.189844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12381234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12381234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12381234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12381234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12381234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12381234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68829097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68829097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68829097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68829097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     68829097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68829097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12381285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12381285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12381285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12381285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12381285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12381285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1349590.137255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1349590.137255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1349590.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1349590.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1349590.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1349590.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60297576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60297576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60297576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60297576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60297576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60297576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1722787.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1722787.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1722787.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1722787.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1722787.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1722787.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                55383                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              224774710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                55639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4039.876885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.774235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.225765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.792087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.207913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18185226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18185226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3503425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3503425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8285                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8285                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8220                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8220                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21688651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       21688651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21688651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      21688651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       195365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       195680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       195680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       195680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       195680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  87492191472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  87492191472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     27430261                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27430261                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  87519621733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87519621733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  87519621733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87519621733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18380591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18380591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3503740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3503740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8285                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8220                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8220                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21884331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21884331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21884331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21884331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 447839.641041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447839.641041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87080.193651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87080.193651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 447258.900925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447258.900925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 447258.900925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447258.900925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17725931524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17725931524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4717962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4717962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17730649486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17730649486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17730649486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17730649486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320477.509429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320477.509429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 65527.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65527.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320146.064424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320146.064424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320146.064424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320146.064424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              526.637327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1016282713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1924777.865530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.637327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.058714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.843970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11824668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11824668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11824668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11824668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11824668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11824668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79819030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79819030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79819030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79819030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79819030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79819030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11824728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11824728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11824728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11824728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11824728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11824728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1330317.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1330317.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1330317.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1330317.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1330317.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1330317.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     52009275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52009275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     52009275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52009275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     52009275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52009275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1368665.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1368665.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1368665.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1368665.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1368665.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1368665.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                69733                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              180676637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                69989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2581.500479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.134751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.865249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8195058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8195058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6786249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6786249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19432                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19432                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14981307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       14981307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14981307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      14981307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       181321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       182236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       182236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       182236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       182236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  79866606157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79866606157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    330159662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    330159662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  80196765819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80196765819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  80196765819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80196765819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8376379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8376379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6787164                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6787164                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19432                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19432                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        15833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15163543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15163543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15163543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15163543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 440470.801270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440470.801270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 360830.231694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 360830.231694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 440070.929010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440070.929010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 440070.929010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440070.929010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       111718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       112503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       112503                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112503                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        69603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        69733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        69733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31653525460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31653525460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     33464753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33464753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31686990213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31686990213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  31686990213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31686990213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454772.430211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454772.430211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 257421.176923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257421.176923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454404.517416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454404.517416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454404.517416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454404.517416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.101089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1011559884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1945307.469231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    44.101089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.070675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12864049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12864049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12864049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12864049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12864049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12864049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110928821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110928821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110928821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110928821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110928821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110928821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12864112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12864112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12864112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12864112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12864112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12864112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1760774.936508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1760774.936508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1760774.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1760774.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1760774.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1760774.936508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78768334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78768334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78768334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78768334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78768334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78768334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1750407.422222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750407.422222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1750407.422222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750407.422222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1750407.422222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750407.422222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                43212                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167240473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                43468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3847.438875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.426235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.573765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8855069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8855069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7452261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7452261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19574                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19574                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16307330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       16307330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16307330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      16307330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       138176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       139117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       139117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       139117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       139117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  46582384294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46582384294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     79275455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79275455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  46661659749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46661659749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  46661659749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46661659749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8993245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8993245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7453202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7453202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19574                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19574                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16446447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16446447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16446447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16446447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 337123.554698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337123.554698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84245.967056                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84245.967056                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335413.067770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335413.067770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335413.067770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335413.067770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            9767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        95905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        95905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        43052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        43212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        43212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12382428947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12382428947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10342796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10342796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12392771743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12392771743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12392771743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12392771743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 287615.649610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287615.649610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64642.475000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64642.475000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 286790.052370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286790.052370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 286790.052370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286790.052370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              527.391689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1016299239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1921170.584121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.391689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.059923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11841194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11841194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11841194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11841194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11841194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11841194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     98960676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98960676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     98960676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98960676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     98960676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98960676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11841253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11841253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11841253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11841253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11841253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11841253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1677299.593220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1677299.593220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1677299.593220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1677299.593220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1677299.593220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1677299.593220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62296022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62296022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62296022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62296022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62296022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62296022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1597333.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1597333.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1597333.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1597333.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1597333.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1597333.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                69845                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              180693824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                70101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2577.621204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.125664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.874336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8203292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8203292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6794947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6794947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19665                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19665                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15855                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15855                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14998239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       14998239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14998239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      14998239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       182168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          957                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          957                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       183125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       183125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       183125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       183125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  79756551341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79756551341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    380625438                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    380625438                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  80137176779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80137176779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  80137176779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80137176779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8385460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8385460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6795904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6795904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        19665                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19665                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        15855                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15855                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15181364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15181364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15181364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15181364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 437818.669256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437818.669256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 397727.730408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 397727.730408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 437609.156472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437609.156472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 437609.156472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437609.156472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       340267                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 170133.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       112452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       113280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       113280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       113280                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       113280                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        69716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        69845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        69845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  31565113004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31565113004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     32935738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32935738                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  31598048742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31598048742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  31598048742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31598048742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452767.126685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452767.126685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 255315.798450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 255315.798450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452402.444584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452402.444584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452402.444584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452402.444584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              558.511009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              931102428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1656765.886121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    33.321503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.189506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.053400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12405245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12405245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12405245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12405245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12405245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12405245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96252919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96252919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96252919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96252919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96252919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96252919                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12405295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12405295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12405295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12405295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12405295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12405295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1925058.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1925058.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1925058.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1925058.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1925058.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1925058.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63676279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63676279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63676279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63676279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63676279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63676279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1819322.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1819322.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1819322.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1819322.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1819322.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1819322.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                55437                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              224814389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                55693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4036.672275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   201.979492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    54.020508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.788982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.211018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     18215703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18215703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3512575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3512575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8314                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8314                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8243                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8243                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     21728278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       21728278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     21728278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      21728278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       195867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          336                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       196203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       196203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       196203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       196203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  86236182936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86236182936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28805112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28805112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  86264988048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  86264988048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  86264988048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  86264988048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     18411570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18411570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3512911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3512911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8314                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8314                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8243                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     21924481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21924481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     21924481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21924481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 440279.286128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440279.286128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85729.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85729.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 439672.115350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439672.115350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 439672.115350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439672.115350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            6524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140766                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140766                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        55437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17514385380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17514385380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4793150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4793150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17519178530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17519178530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17519178530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17519178530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316355.424742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316355.424742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64772.297297                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64772.297297                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316019.599365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316019.599365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316019.599365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316019.599365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
