
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011191                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11190714165                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538966090710                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 382485                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   489275                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 267948                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67756924                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41764.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15974278561                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20434312330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       153216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       377472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       237056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       433280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       237184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       380032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       153600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       239488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       239488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       239360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       235520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       379264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       153344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       119296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3886080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1162368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1162368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9081                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9081                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33730823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21183277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     38717815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21194715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       400332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33959584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13725666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       343142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21400600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       331704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21400600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       308827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21389162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       377456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21046021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     33890956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13702789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     10660267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               347259339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       400332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       343142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       331704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       308827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       377456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6290930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         103868974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              103868974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         103868974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33730823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21183277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     38717815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21194715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       400332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33959584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13725666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       343142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21400600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       331704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21400600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       308827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21389162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       377456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21046021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     33890956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13702789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     10660267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              451128313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2069568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693381                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204636                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815079                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213986                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9325                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19957680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11566345                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2069568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2415486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        557724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1088807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23812433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21396947     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112418      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         179112      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         241982      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         249271      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         211033      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         118700      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175172      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1127798      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23812433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19753179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1295317                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2410935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14196385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19807337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        166378                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1003747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2360214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       124552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14190539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        18334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19800941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66011693                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66011693                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2647543                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3550                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          371863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332161                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       211905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14173352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13460025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1571551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3757125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23812433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18084418     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382817     10.01%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199700      5.04%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879054      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696414      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284027      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179795      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93579      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12629      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23812433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2527     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8241     36.51%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11806     52.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11321153     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199976      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221115      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716094      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13460025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501561                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50757039                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15748519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13252741                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13482599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        136940                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14176935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332161                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114562                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13269247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147210                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1863245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494452                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13252850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13252741                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7607747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20506410                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1871636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23462233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18385979     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2528406     10.78%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943685      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450636      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396906      1.69%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218599      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180490      0.77%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86203      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271329      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23462233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114551                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       271329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37367771                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28704083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3023813                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.683624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.683624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.372630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.372630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59723213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18461422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13155506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1887089                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1543546                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186761                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774782                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         741119                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         192820                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8243                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18292258                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10711833                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1887089                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       933939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2243607                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        545566                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       923910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1127466                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       187749                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     21814518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       19570911     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         122608      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         191794      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         304711      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         126239      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         140982      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         150695      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          98365      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1108213      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     21814518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070319                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.399155                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       18117817                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1100065                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2236338                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         5850                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       354444                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       308970                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13078024                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1641                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       354444                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       18146839                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        231403                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       783106                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2213674                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        85048                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13067572                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        22654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        30798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7509                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     18137475                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     60782461                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     60782461                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15419706                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2717751                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1897                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          246831                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1247768                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       669078                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20119                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       153745                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13046261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3398                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12324025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16265                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1691038                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3805592                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          392                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21814518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16617414     76.18%     76.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2086016      9.56%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139920      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       779415      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       726993      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208109      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163219      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55363      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38069      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21814518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2892     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9138     39.37%     51.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11182     48.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10323654     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195116      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1490      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1139144      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664621      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12324025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459231                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23212                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001883                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46502045                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14740851                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12121913                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12347237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36967                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230056                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22072                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          788                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       354444                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        153909                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11420                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13049692                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1247768                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       669078                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1897                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8497                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107655                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       107935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       215590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12145797                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1071005                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178228                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  33                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1735281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1708592                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           664276                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.452589                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12122151                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12121913                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7089504                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        18524261                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.451699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382715                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9057401                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11101949                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1947784                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3006                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       190464                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21460074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16951359     78.99%     78.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2184825     10.18%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       850837      3.96%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457104      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       341922      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190428      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119532      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105418      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258649      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21460074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9057401                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11101949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1664713                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1017707                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1500                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1593598                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10003689                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       225523                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       258649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           34251093                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          26453959                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                298958                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               5021728                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9057401                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11101949                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9057401                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.962908                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.962908                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.337506                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.337506                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       54763429                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16803674                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12195766                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1956559                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1604066                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193774                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799053                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761143                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200409                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8618                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18686454                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11134490                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1956559                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       961552                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2447080                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        554875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1948477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1153905                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       192771                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23439634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20992554     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         265093      1.13%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         305775      1.30%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         167769      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         193604      0.83%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         106341      0.45%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          72664      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         189864      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1145970      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23439634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.072907                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.414905                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18529398                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2108764                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2426417                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19482                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       355572                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       317675                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2051                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13593684                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        10791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       355572                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18559875                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        492203                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1532305                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2416193                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        83477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13584206                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        20696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        39046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18870397                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     63254767                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     63254767                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16045876                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2824521                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3562                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1998                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          225433                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1302876                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       707321                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18396                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       155737                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13558533                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3571                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12790597                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18645                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1741003                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4050862                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          422                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23439634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18051982     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2166284      9.24%     86.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1164555      4.97%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       805130      3.43%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       704941      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360541      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87983      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56298      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41920      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23439634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3142     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12600     44.44%     55.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12611     44.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10701674     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200010      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1563      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186039      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701311      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12790597                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.476616                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28353                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002217                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49067826                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15303246                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12570493                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12818950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31937                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238883                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          342                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       355572                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        447464                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13623                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13562128                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1302876                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707321                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1999                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9346                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111183                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109996                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       221179                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12596712                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1112162                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193885                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1813230                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1760741                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           701068                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.469392                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12570785                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12570493                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7473153                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19581064                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.468415                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381652                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9424836                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11563067                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1999209                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3149                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       194771                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23084062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.316595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18359828     79.53%     79.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2190839      9.49%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919194      3.98%     93.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       550262      2.38%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382127      1.66%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246259      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129125      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102923      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203505      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23084062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9424836                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11563067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1752738                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1063993                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1654779                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10424712                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       235260                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       203505                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           36442768                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27480139                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                289708                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3396612                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9424836                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11563067                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9424836                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.847397                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.847397                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.351198                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.351198                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       56821353                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17443875                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12683025                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1818958                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1640865                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97663                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       684959                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         646956                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          99974                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4241                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19277077                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11433963                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1818958                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       746930                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2259338                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        308467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      2617796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1108064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97872                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     24363890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       22104552     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          79841      0.33%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         165092      0.68%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          69503      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         373048      1.53%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         334460      1.37%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          64407      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         136417      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1036570      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     24363890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067780                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.426064                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19074980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2822712                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2250668                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         7375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       208150                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       159903                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13407745                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1501                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       208150                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19101901                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2627621                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       105347                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2234112                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        86752                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13399322                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           46                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        43436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        29166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          578                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     15747677                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     63098454                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     63098454                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     13914479                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1833186                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1562                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          793                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          205496                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3155520                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1593641                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14528                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        77296                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13370933                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12833123                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7941                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1067020                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2579546                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24363890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.317269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19754404     81.08%     81.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1407618      5.78%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139063      4.68%     91.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       492005      2.02%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       615788      2.53%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       581049      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       331183      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26371      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16409      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24363890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32235     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246213     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7195      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8058712     62.80%     62.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112212      0.87%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          768      0.01%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3072195     23.94%     87.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1589236     12.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12833123                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.478201                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285643                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022258                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50323720                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14439883                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12721242                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13118766                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23302                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       128663                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10910                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1130                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       208150                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2562267                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25316                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13372517                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3155520                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1593641                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          794                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15437                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55757                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       114283                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12742378                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3062125                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90745                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            4651179                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1669310                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1589054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.474820                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12721651                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12721242                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6877232                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        13591947                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.474032                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505978                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10323681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12132242                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1241557                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        99569                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24155740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19737888     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1626977      6.74%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       757512      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       744238      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       206265      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       850950      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        65000      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47563      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119347      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24155740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10323681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12132242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4609586                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             3026855                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1602174                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10788721                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       117640                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       119347                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37410153                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          26955793                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                415413                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2472356                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10323681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12132242                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10323681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.599484                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.599484                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.384692                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.384692                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       62975162                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14786229                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15946988                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1959226                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1606181                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194140                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761536                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200817                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8634                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18725549                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11153476                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1959226                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       962353                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2450614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        556701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1908475                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1156576                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23443444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20992830     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         265462      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         305789      1.30%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         167879      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         193545      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         106604      0.45%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          73301      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         190396      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1147638      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23443444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073007                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.415612                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18566678                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2070541                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2429833                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        19629                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       356762                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       318173                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2044                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13616524                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        10797                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       356762                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18597189                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        451603                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1533822                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2419458                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        84601                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13607167                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        20944                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        39570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18900769                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     63360480                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     63360480                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     16068512                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2832217                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3581                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2015                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          227794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1305270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       708604                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18317                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       156284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13580398                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12811326                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18627                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1745351                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4059730                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          437                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23443444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18047249     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2169978      9.26%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1165831      4.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       806682      3.44%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706042      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       361085      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88051      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56467      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42059      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23443444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3092     10.91%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12624     44.54%     55.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12624     44.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10718619     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200299      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1565      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1188364      9.28%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702479      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12811326                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477389                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28340                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002212                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49113059                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15329479                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12590233                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12839666                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31833                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239760                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18864                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          605                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       356762                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        407725                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13439                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13584018                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1305270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708604                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2016                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9186                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          142                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111214                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110145                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       221359                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12616666                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1113927                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1816155                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1762980                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           702228                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.470135                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12590540                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12590233                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7485031                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        19613490                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.469150                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381627                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9438126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11579433                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2004724                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       195161                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23086682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18356267     79.51%     79.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2193626      9.50%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920318      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551085      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382604      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246376      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129227      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103174      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       204005      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23086682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9438126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11579433                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1755247                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1065510                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1657105                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10439485                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       235600                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       204005                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36466769                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27525118                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                290555                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3392802                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9438126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11579433                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9438126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.843387                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.843387                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.351693                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.351693                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       56910676                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17470562                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12704417                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3150                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2318072                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1929940                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212634                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       912696                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847848                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249471                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9976                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20191381                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12719186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2318072                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1097319                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2651395                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        591015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1900096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1255063                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203225                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     25122256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       22470861     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         162345      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         204971      0.82%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         327080      1.30%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         137366      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         175097      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         204989      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          94126      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1345421      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     25122256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086378                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.473955                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20075857                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2030182                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2638790                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1245                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       376175                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       352600                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15544444                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       376175                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20096337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         64920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1909034                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2619524                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        56260                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15448312                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         8159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        39181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     21578637                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     71840228                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     71840228                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     18046292                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3532334                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3762                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1971                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          198719                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1446902                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       756068                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8211                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       170476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         15083737                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3777                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14467487                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15215                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1836833                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3749272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          164                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25122256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18990664     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2797575     11.14%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142797      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641103      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       867593      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267365      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263409      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140642      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11108      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25122256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100130     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13398     10.59%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12947     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12187144     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197821      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327390      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753342      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14467487                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.539102                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126475                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54198919                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16924440                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14089945                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14593962                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10496                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273801                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       376175                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         49659                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6530                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15087519                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1446902                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756068                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1972                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126027                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118642                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       244669                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14215817                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305330                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2058575                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2010337                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           753245                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.529725                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             14090033                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            14089945                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8440684                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        22672440                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.525034                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372288                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10499297                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12937669                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2149907                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       214229                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24746081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19269314     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2775485     11.22%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008281      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501834      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459302      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193287      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190568      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91011      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256999      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24746081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10499297                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12937669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1918674                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1173101                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1875250                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11648151                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       267162                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       256999                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           39576580                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          30551343                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                308407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1713990                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10499297                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12937669                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10499297                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.556004                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.556004                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.391236                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.391236                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       63964586                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      19690046                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14377752                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1887595                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1543877                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186038                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774707                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         740875                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         192829                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8245                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18283385                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10712749                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1887595                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       933704                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2243478                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        543338                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       870070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1126291                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       187018                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     21750205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       19506727     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         122358      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         191228      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         304742      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         126773      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         141974      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         149924      0.69%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          97805      0.45%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1108674      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     21750205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070338                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.399190                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       18108593                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1046684                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2236069                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         5877                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       352978                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       309096                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13078327                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1631                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       352978                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       18137835                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        223907                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       737040                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2213260                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        85181                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13067791                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        22509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        31001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7597                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     18138446                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     60783479                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     60783479                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15430159                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2708287                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1899                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          248032                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1247294                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       669044                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20068                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       153338                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13046458                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3406                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12327412                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15987                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1684327                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3787514                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          394                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21750205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16552316     76.10%     76.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2085537      9.59%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141192      5.25%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       778232      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       727959      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208256      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163344      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55337      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38032      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21750205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2928     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9074     39.15%     51.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11175     48.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10326846     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195165      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1491      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1139321      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664589      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12327412                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.459357                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23177                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46444193                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14734339                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12126020                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12350589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37452                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       228936                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21618                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          790                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       352978                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        154242                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11489                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13049887                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5403                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1247294                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       669044                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1901                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8554                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107162                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       107443                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       214605                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12149670                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1071597                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1735853                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1709558                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           664256                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.452734                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12126228                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12126020                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7092138                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        18529286                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.451852                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382753                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9063577                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11109355                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1940592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3012                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       189715                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21397227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16886174     78.92%     78.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2185480     10.21%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       851396      3.98%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457418      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342357      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190624      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119312      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105319      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       259147      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21397227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9063577                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11109355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1665784                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1018358                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1502                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1594608                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10010358                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       225649                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       259147                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           34187962                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          26452904                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                298129                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               5086041                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9063577                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11109355                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9063577                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.960889                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.960889                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.337736                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.337736                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       54782014                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16808892                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12197333                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3010                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2073495                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1696608                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204928                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       874098                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817054                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214323                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9322                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20000935                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11587358                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2073495                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1031377                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2419993                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        558081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1061293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1225037                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204947                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23832740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21412747     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         112646      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         179514      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         242381      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         249924      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         211349      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         119211      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         175605      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1129363      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23832740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077265                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.431780                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19795953                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1268284                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2415433                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2806                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       350259                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       340968                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14221473                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       350259                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19850263                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        171399                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       971274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2364561                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       124979                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14215596                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        18466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        53594                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19835667                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     66128205                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     66128205                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17192615                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2643052                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3559                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1864                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          373200                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1333973                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       720105                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8524                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       212146                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14198499                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13487183                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1985                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1567341                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3745666                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          162                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23832740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18092555     75.91%     75.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2388195     10.02%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1202596      5.05%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880571      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       697683      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284398      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180491      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93593      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12658      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23832740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2518     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8260     36.53%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11831     52.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11344180     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200467      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1691      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1223229      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717616      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13487183                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.502573                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22609                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50831700                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15769465                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13280306                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13509792                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27197                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216873                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       350259                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        141928                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12003                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14202088                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1545                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1333973                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720105                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1867                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10056                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119135                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114535                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       233670                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13296737                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1149704                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1867262                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1889613                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           717558                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.495477                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13280420                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13280306                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7623218                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20547277                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.494865                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371009                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10022872                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12333413                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1868677                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3406                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       207262                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23482481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18394545     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2534308     10.79%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       945964      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451414      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397852      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219293      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180709      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86360      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272036      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23482481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10022872                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12333413                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1827770                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1117100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1700                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1778584                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11112251                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       254012                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       272036                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37412470                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          28754452                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                305226                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3003506                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10022872                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12333413                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10022872                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.677501                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.677501                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.373483                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.373483                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       59847692                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18498738                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13180034                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1828598                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1637108                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       146989                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1240358                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1206825                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106850                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4397                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19407138                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10398797                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1828598                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1313675                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2318621                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        484777                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       773287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1175148                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       143886                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22836043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20517422     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         357759      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         175506      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         353299      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         108850      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         328897      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          50217      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          81643      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         862450      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22836043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068139                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.387491                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19227910                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       957273                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2313784                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1958                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       335117                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       168462                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1880                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     11599846                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         4494                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       335117                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19248907                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        622981                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       269061                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2292864                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        67106                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     11581248                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           39                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        51079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15141201                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     52436734                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     52436734                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     12232055                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2909139                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1517                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          154859                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      2122357                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       330794                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2954                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        75047                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         11519466                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1521                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        10769734                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7380                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2113170                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4354595                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22836043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18113147     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467237      6.43%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1606335      7.03%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       919592      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469008      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117913      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136858      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3318      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2635      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22836043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17722     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7321     23.65%     80.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5911     19.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8424254     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82293      0.76%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1934919     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327522      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     10769734                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.401313                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30954                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44413845                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13634186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10493438                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     10800688                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8387                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       438388                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           21                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8741                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       335117                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        547141                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8025                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11520996                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          816                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2122357                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330794                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          770                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3918                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          205                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99136                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56410                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       155546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10634282                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1907291                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2234764                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1618457                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           327473                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.396266                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             10496174                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            10493438                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6358116                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        13725338                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.391017                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.463239                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8366937                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      9391813                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2129663                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       145877                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22500926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19018223     84.52%     84.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1359052      6.04%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       881622      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       275714      1.23%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       464873      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88416      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56252      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50901      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305873      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22500926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8366937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      9391813                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2006022                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1683969                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1443398                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         8199153                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       114658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       305873                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           33716503                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          23378317                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                437829                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               4000203                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8366937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             9391813                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8366937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.207416                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.207416                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.311777                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.311777                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       49479311                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      13642034                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12366399                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2316364                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1928542                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212486                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       912001                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847208                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249281                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9968                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20176233                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12709818                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2316364                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1096489                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2649434                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        590613                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1923104                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1254130                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203082                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     25127944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       22478510     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         162218      0.65%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         204823      0.82%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         326839      1.30%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         137266      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         174965      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         204832      0.82%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          94045      0.37%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1344446      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     25127944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086315                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.473606                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20060849                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2053080                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2636839                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1245                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       375924                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       352329                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15533003                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       375924                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20081315                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         64885                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1932007                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2617588                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        56219                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15436933                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        39154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     21562845                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     71787281                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     71787281                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     18032906                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3529939                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3758                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1969                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          198589                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445819                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       755482                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8202                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       170360                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         15072645                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3773                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14456786                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15203                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1835571                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3746760                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          164                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25127944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19000966     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2795451     11.12%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141916      4.54%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640587      2.55%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       866986      3.45%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267199      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263169      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140571      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11099      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25127944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100072     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13390     10.59%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12936     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12178156     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197700      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1326387      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       752755      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14456786                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.538704                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126398                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008743                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54183117                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16912082                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14079514                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14583184                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10484                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273602                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10487                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       375924                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         49632                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6529                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15076423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445819                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       755482                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1970                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118557                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       244498                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14205276                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1304337                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2056995                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2008850                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           752658                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.529332                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14079602                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14079514                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8434451                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        22655619                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.524645                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372290                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10491461                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12928024                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2148460                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       214078                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24752020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19279343     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2773392     11.20%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007546      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501457      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458960      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193143      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190430      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90958      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256791      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24752020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10491461                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12928024                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1917212                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1172217                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1873855                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11639452                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       266961                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       256791                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           39571635                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          30528904                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                308181                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1708302                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10491461                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12928024                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10491461                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.557913                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.557913                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390944                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390944                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       63917138                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      19675577                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14367106                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1831597                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1639715                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147671                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1242740                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1209278                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106911                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4449                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19449319                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10415006                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1831597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1316189                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2322367                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        486444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       750552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1177966                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144621                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22860217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.509065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20537850     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         358772      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         175437      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         354140      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         109120      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         329331      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          50341      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          81715      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         863511      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22860217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068251                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.388095                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19270398                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       934240                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2317507                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1963                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       336108                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       168931                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1872                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     11616075                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4455                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       336108                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19291467                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        611465                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       257500                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2296506                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        67164                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     11597556                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           36                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        51123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15162632                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     52505765                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     52505765                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     12244890                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2917739                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1517                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          154624                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2125631                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       330627                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2954                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        75360                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         11536143                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1522                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        10786145                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7165                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2119260                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4355808                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22860217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18130003     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1468750      6.42%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1609583      7.04%     92.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       921247      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       470022      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117799      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136902      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3295      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2616      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22860217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17649     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7306     23.66%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5921     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8437326     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82286      0.76%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          747      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1938266     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327520      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     10786145                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.401925                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30876                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44470548                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13656953                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10508990                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     10817021                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8134                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       438822                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           29                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8482                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       336108                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        535861                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7945                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11537673                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          831                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2125631                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330627                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          770                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3820                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          205                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           29                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99537                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       156188                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10650145                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1910700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       136000                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2238175                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1621021                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           327475                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.396857                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             10511621                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            10508990                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6366693                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13736980                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.391597                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.463471                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8377287                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9402350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2135787                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1506                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       146572                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22524109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19038674     84.53%     84.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1359337      6.04%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       882434      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       275867      1.22%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465489      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88736      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56317      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51034      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306221      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22524109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8377287                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9402350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2008954                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1686809                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1445075                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         8208057                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       114678                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       306221                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           33755999                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          23412626                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                438941                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3976029                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8377287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9402350                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8377287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.203453                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.203453                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.312163                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.312163                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       49553517                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      13661877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12385655                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1504                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1831268                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1639492                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147245                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1243514                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1209407                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107002                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4462                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19434487                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10413506                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1831268                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1316409                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2321602                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        485667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       787040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1177024                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144174                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22880757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20559155     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         358617      1.57%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         175454      0.77%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         354209      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         108505      0.47%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         329246      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          50422      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          81961      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         863188      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22880757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068239                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.388039                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19255678                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       970607                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2316770                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1947                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       335754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       168830                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1874                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     11612988                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4447                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       335754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19276644                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        629391                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       275884                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2295901                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        67176                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     11594748                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           40                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        51407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15159339                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     52493325                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     52493325                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12242644                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2916675                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1519                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          775                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          155206                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2125483                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       330586                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2955                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        74997                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         11533105                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1524                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        10783093                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7085                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2117709                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4358980                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22880757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18153136     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1466624      6.41%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1609334      7.03%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       921110      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469679      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       118019      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136949      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3282      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2624      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22880757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17662     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7288     23.60%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5925     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8433825     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82317      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1938788     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327417      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     10783093                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.401811                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30875                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44484903                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13652367                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10506048                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     10813968                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8299                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       438830                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8529                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       335754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        553785                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7977                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11534636                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2125483                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330586                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          773                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3877                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          221                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99353                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56428                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       155781                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10647570                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1910975                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2238342                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1620882                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           327367                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.396761                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             10508738                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            10506048                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6365477                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        13731650                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.391487                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.463562                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8375896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9400772                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2134323                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       146144                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22545003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19059994     84.54%     84.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1359045      6.03%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       882673      3.92%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276063      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465095      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88527      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56380      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50911      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306315      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22545003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8375896                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9400772                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2008705                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1686648                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1444880                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8206634                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       114660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       306315                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           33773757                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          23406214                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                438841                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3955489                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8375896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9400772                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8375896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.203985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.203985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.312111                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.312111                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       49541174                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      13658540                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12383985                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1957634                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1604500                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193531                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       798619                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761247                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200549                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8580                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18712055                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11146321                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1957634                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       961796                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2449792                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        554182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1944592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1155043                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       192607                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23463515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21013723     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         265556      1.13%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         306444      1.31%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         168013      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         193233      0.82%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         106345      0.45%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          72515      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         189672      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1148014      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23463515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.072947                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.415346                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       18553411                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2106426                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2428860                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        19783                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       355034                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       318235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2042                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13608954                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        10869                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       355034                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       18584058                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        473241                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1548667                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2418719                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        83787                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13599751                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        20424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        39408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     18892202                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     63328280                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     63328280                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     16071142                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2821039                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2017                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          227471                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1303846                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       708435                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18764                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       157381                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13574181                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3593                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12808371                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18430                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1735856                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4042152                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          435                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23463515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18069008     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2166770      9.23%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1167131      4.97%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       808116      3.44%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705913      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360200      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88215      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56247      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41915      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23463515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3137     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12607     44.50%     55.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12587     44.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10716309     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200355      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1565      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1187561      9.27%     94.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702581      5.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12808371                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.477279                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28331                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002212                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49127017                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15313766                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12588950                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12836702                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32147                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238094                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          406                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       355034                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        436231                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13144                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13577802                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7716                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1303846                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708435                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2016                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9167                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110997                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109921                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       220918                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12614903                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1113721                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1816044                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1763547                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           702323                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.470070                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12589175                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12588950                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7482284                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        19605469                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.469102                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381643                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9439865                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11581507                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1996381                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3158                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       194568                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23108481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.316915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18376862     79.52%     79.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2193767      9.49%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       921325      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551243      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382323      1.65%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246518      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129459      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103147      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203837      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23108481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9439865                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11581507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1755661                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1065752                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1657384                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10441391                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       235648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       203837                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36482467                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27510835                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                289772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               3372731                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9439865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11581507                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9439865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.842863                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.842863                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.351758                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.351758                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       56902440                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      17467603                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12697525                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1892924                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1548600                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187502                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       776392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         742847                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193385                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8262                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18352480                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10744922                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1892924                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       936232                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2249963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        547712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       865768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1131081                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       188505                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     21824359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       19574396     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         122767      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         191375      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         306170      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         126722      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         141455      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         151192      0.69%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          98466      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1111816      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     21824359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070536                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.400388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       18177553                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1042495                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2242538                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         5913                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       355856                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       309635                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13117980                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1600                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       355856                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       18206912                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        200997                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       756418                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2219603                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        84569                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13107428                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         4116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        22656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        31096                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6508                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     18194133                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     60968586                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     60968586                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15468501                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2725603                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3417                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1920                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          248814                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1251451                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       671214                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20061                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       153841                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13085912                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3431                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12360874                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16295                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1694964                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3817608                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          411                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21824359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16611103     76.11%     76.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2093361      9.59%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143163      5.24%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       780955      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       729869      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208506      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163652      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55596      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38154      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21824359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2886     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9144     39.32%     51.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11223     48.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10355192     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195602      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1495      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1142191      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       666394      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12360874                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.460604                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23253                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46585655                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14784462                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12158652                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12384127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36686                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22136                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          803                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       355856                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        130089                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11442                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13089367                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5393                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1251451                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       671214                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1922                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8498                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107985                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108326                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       216311                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12182421                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1074264                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178453                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1740275                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1713814                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           666011                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.453954                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12158867                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12158652                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7111230                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        18579624                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.453068                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382743                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9086140                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11137037                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1952383                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3020                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       191211                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21468503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16945528     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2191660     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       853089      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458842      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       343364      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191296      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119594      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105867      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       259263      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21468503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9086140                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11137037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1669990                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1020917                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1506                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1598585                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10035311                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       226217                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       259263                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           34298595                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          26534740                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                299926                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               5011887                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9086140                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11137037                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9086140                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.953536                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.953536                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.338577                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.338577                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       54930015                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16855212                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12233241                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3018                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26836241                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2070969                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1694537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204688                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       873039                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816064                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214071                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9313                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19976440                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11573179                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2070969                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1030135                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2417056                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        557453                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1093233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1223553                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23836863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21419807     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         112517      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         179308      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         242107      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         249591      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         211090      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         119064      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         175379      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1128000      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23836863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077171                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431252                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19771737                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1299944                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2412504                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2799                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       349874                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       340555                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14204117                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       349874                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19825966                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        170833                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1003687                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2361705                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       124793                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14198271                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        18425                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        53522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19811479                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66047569                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66047569                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17171245                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2640234                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3555                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1862                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          372657                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332379                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       719230                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8520                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       211945                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14181196                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3564                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13470609                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1565664                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3741870                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          162                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23836863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18103678     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2385310     10.01%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1201173      5.04%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879459      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696784      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284080      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180268      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93456      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12655      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23836863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2513     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8250     36.54%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11816     52.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11330216     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200213      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1689      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221752      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716739      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13470609                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.501956                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22579                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50802648                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15750481                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13263946                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13493188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27191                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216659                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9431                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       349874                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        141383                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11971                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14184781                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332379                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719230                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1865                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10031                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118996                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114401                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       233397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13280361                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1148299                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190248                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1864981                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1887295                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           716682                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.494867                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13264061                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13263946                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7613811                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20521868                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.494255                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371010                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10010438                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12318130                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1866653                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3402                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       207019                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23486989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18405358     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2531184     10.78%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       944750      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450871      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397378      1.69%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219012      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180487      0.77%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86253      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271696      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23486989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10010438                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12318130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1825519                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1115720                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1776383                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11098483                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       253700                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       271696                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37400011                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          28719453                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                304872                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2999378                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10010438                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12318130                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10010438                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.680826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.680826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.373019                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.373019                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59773967                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18475922                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13163921                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3398                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2316410                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1928890                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213172                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       913180                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847415                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249248                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9989                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20184901                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12709145                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2316410                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1096663                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2649585                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        592007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1904306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1255224                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203882                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     25118624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       22469039     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         162139      0.65%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         205382      0.82%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         327323      1.30%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         136980      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         175145      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         204624      0.81%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          93384      0.37%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1344608      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     25118624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086316                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.473581                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20069662                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2034006                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2637031                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1300                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       376618                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       352015                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15531407                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1647                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       376618                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20090159                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         65162                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1912526                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2617820                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        56333                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15436020                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        39079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     21563654                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     71782100                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     71782100                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     18029503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3534105                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3765                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1976                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          198608                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445138                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       754881                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8362                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       171295                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15070829                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3779                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14454978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14831                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1838649                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3742357                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          170                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25118624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18990647     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2797685     11.14%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141029      4.54%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641347      2.55%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       866091      3.45%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266755      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263527      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140451      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11092      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25118624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100019     79.25%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13250     10.50%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12937     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12177875     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197716      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1325369      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       752230      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14454978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.538636                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126206                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008731                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54169616                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16913354                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14077895                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14581184                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10741                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273146                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           98                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10012                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       376618                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         49754                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6435                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15074615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445138                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       754881                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1976                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5637                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           98                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126378                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118963                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       245341                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14203322                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1303873                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251655                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2056017                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2008405                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           752144                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529259                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14077976                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14077895                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8433813                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        22653488                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.524585                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10489498                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12925575                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2149060                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       214767                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24742006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19269646     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2773497     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007829      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500833      2.02%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459132      1.86%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193044      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190581      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90865      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256579      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24742006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10489498                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12925575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1916853                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1171988                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1873505                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11637242                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       266907                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       256579                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           39559984                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          30525928                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                309106                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1717622                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10489498                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12925575                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10489498                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.558392                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.558392                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390871                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390871                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       63910141                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      19675259                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14365841                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1234                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.517862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         159273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        48.529250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.361599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.039883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   551.032459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1441.083921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.013691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.269059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.703654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2853                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1235                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016247882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1078575257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016247882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1078575257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016247882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1078575257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              4073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               4088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              4088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.046745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873340.289069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.046745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873340.289069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.046745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873340.289069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911041830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    970119785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911041830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    970119785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911041830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    970119785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596701.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.658833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596701.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.658833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596701.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.658833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2986                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.557988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         123988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        24.630115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.104200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.937634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   881.589024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1130.927130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.430463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.552211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3682                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3683                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2986                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64615179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2751793698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2816408877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8685637                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8685637                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64615179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2760479335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     2825094514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64615179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2760479335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    2825094514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              6654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               6669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              6669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1746356.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 934712.533288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944786.607514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1737127.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1737127.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1746356.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936073.019668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946113.367046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1746356.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936073.019668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946113.367046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                470                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     470                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61365943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2493251432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2554617375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8246637                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8246637                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61365943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2501498069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2562864012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61365943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2501498069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2562864012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1658539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 846892.470109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856966.580007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1649327.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1649327.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1658539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 848252.990505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858293.373074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1658539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 848252.990505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858293.373074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1887                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.497241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         181253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        46.085177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.271827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    20.523919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   842.273358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1138.428136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.010021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.411266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.555873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1910                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1910                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3536                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3537                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1852                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1886                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70627373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1586590157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1657217530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1553985                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1553985                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70627373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1588144142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1658771515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70627373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1588144142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1658771515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1910                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1910                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2077275.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 858080.128177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880094.280404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       517995                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       517995                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2077275.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 857529.234341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 879518.300636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2077275.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 857529.234341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 879518.300636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               1078                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    1078                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67642173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1424247957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1491890130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1290585                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1290585                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67642173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1425538542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1493180715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67642173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1425538542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1493180715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1989475.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 770280.128177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792294.280404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       430195                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       430195                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1989475.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 769729.234341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791718.300636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1989475.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 769729.234341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791718.300636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         3421                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.924620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         155068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         5469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        28.353995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.070924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.534460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1197.931670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         831.387567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.007097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.584928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.405951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  4183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1319                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1319                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   4184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4183                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  4184                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                3413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 3421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3385                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                3421                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76715281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3250590143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3327305424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10061939                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10061939                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76715281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3260652082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     3337367363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76715281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3260652082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    3337367363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              7596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1319                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1319                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               7605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              7605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.449315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.447278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.449836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.447278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.449836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2130980.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 962567.409831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 974891.715207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1257742.375000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1257742.375000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2130980.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 963265.016839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 975553.160772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2130980.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 963265.016839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 975553.160772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                604                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     604                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            3421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           3421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73554481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2954033525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3027588006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9359539                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9359539                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73554481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2963393064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3036947545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     73554481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2963393064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3036947545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.446752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.447278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.447278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2043180.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 874750.821735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887075.302080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1169942.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1169942.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2043180.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 875448.467947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887736.786027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2043180.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 875448.467947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887736.786027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1888                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.498114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         181267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        46.077021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.293738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.025379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   842.556042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1138.622954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.411404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.555968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3547                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3548                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1887                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78542920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1573981838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1652524758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2178220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2178220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78542920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1576160058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1654702978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78542920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1576160058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1654702978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2310085.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 850800.993514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877136.283439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 726073.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 726073.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2310085.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 850599.059903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 876896.119767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2310085.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 850599.059903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 876896.119767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               1077                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    1077                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75556822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1411521141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1487077963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1914820                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1914820                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75556822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1413435961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488992783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75556822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1413435961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488992783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2222259.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 762984.400541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789319.513270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 638273.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 638273.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2222259.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 762782.493794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789079.376259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2222259.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 762782.493794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789079.376259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.428389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         183070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        60.780212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.428389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    29.287717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   446.399187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1533.313096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.014301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.217968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.748688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  2912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   2929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2927                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  2929                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103127254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    759240488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     862367742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103127254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    759240488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      862367742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103127254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    759240488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     862367742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              3879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               3896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              3896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2787223.081081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 816387.621505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891797.044467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2787223.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 816387.621505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 891797.044467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2787223.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 816387.621505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 891797.044467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99878654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    677586488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    777465142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99878654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    677586488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    777465142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99878654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    677586488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    777465142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2699423.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 728587.621505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803997.044467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2699423.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 728587.621505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803997.044467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2699423.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 728587.621505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803997.044467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3004                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.538157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         124007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        24.546120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.071401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.663580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   881.511365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1131.291810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.430425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.552389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            757                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 757                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3694                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3695                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2969                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3004                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66537529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2771945443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2838482972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9460108                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9460108                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66537529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2781405551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     2847943080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66537529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2781405551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    2847943080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              6684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          757                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             757                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               6699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              6699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.448425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.448425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1901072.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 935204.265520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946476.482828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1892021.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1892021.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1901072.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 936815.611654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948050.292943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1901072.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 936815.611654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948050.292943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63463632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2511625100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2575088732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9020109                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9020109                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63463632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2520645209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2584108841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63463632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2520645209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2584108841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1813246.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 847376.889339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858649.127042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1804021.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1804021.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1813246.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 848987.945099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860222.650133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1813246.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 848987.945099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860222.650133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1236                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.519631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         159285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        48.503350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.363532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    27.874799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   551.850540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1440.430760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.013611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.269458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.703335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  2847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            912                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 912                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   2862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2860                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  2862                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1236                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62036634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    995054830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1057091464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62036634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    995054830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1057091464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62036634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    995054830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1057091464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          912                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             912                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.296663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.295567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.295567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1723239.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829212.358333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855251.993528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1723239.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829212.358333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855251.993528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1723239.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829212.358333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855251.993528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58875834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    889674115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    948549949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58875834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    889674115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    948549949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     58875834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    889674115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    948549949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.296663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.295567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.295567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1635439.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741395.095833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767435.233819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1635439.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741395.095833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767435.233819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1635439.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741395.095833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767435.233819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1901                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.863582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         122325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        30.976197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.833383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.930007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   807.271725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1190.828466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.394176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.581459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            632                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 632                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3419                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3420                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1871                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1901                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51113547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1514194337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1565307884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51113547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1514194337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1565307884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51113547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1514194337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1565307884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              5315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.357667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1703784.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 809296.812934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823412.879537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1703784.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 809296.812934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823412.879537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1703784.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 809296.812934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823412.879537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     48479236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1349901271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1398380507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     48479236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1349901271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1398380507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     48479236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1349901271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1398380507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1615974.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 721486.515767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735602.581273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1615974.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 721486.515767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735602.581273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1615974.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 721486.515767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735602.581273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.428944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         183068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        60.779548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.428944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    29.290324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   446.189479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1533.520197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.014302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.217866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.748789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  2910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   2927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2925                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  2927                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103585466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    771052514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     874637980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103585466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    771052514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      874637980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103585466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    771052514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     874637980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              3877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               3894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              3894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.241245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.241245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2799607.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829088.724731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 904486.018614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2799607.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829088.724731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 904486.018614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2799607.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829088.724731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 904486.018614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100325789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    689045481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    789371270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100325789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    689045481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    789371270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100325789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    689045481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    789371270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.241245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.241245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2711507.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 740909.119355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816309.482937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2711507.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 740909.119355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816309.482937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2711507.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 740909.119355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816309.482937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1900                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.839159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         122314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        30.981256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.477716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.031170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   808.797094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1189.533179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.394920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.580827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3412                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3413                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1900                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58306262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1498711633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1557017895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58306262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1498711633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1557017895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58306262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1498711633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1557017895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2010560.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 801021.717263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819483.102632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2010560.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 801021.717263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819483.102632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2010560.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 801021.717263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819483.102632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55760062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1334437833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390197895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55760062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1334437833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390197895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55760062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1334437833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390197895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1922760.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 713221.717263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731683.102632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1922760.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 713221.717263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731683.102632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1922760.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 713221.717263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731683.102632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1897                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.842610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         122327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        31.008112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.482774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.543498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   808.034713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1191.781624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.009054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.394548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.581925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3423                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3424                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1897                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36519983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1487523857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1524043840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36519983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1487523857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1524043840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36519983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1487523857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1524043840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1352591.962963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 795467.303209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 803396.858197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1352591.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 795467.303209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 803396.858197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1352591.962963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 795467.303209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 803396.858197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     34146684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1323289922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1357436606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     34146684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1323289922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1357436606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     34146684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1323289922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1357436606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1264692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 707641.669519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715570.166579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1264692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 707641.669519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715570.166579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1264692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 707641.669519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715570.166579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1874                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.477806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         181265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        46.241071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          45.998538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.484064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   836.907090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1145.088115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.408646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.559125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3544                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3545                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1840                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1873                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61925911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1590325623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1652251534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2201345                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2201345                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61925911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1592526968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1654452879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61925911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1592526968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1654452879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              5400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               5418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              5418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.342341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.341753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.341753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1876542.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 865718.902014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883556.970053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 733781.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 733781.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1876542.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 865503.786957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883317.073679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1876542.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 865503.786957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883317.073679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               1075                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    1075                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59028511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1429010556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488039067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1937945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1937945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59028511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1430948501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1489977012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59028511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1430948501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1489977012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.342341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.341753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.341753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1788742.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 777904.494284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795742.816578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 645981.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 645981.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1788742.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 777689.402717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795502.942872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1788742.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 777689.402717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795502.942872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         2999                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.632971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         123995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         5047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        24.568060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.995284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.963310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   878.196593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1134.477784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.011213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.428807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.553944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            752                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 752                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3686                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3687                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 2999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2963                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                2999                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63470639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2696067651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2759538290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7144541                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7144541                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63470639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2703212192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     2766682831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63470639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2703212192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    2766682831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              6672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          752                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             752                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               6686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              6686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.448549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.448549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1763073.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 911141.483947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921381.732888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1786135.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1786135.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1763073.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 912322.710766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922535.122041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1763073.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 912322.710766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922535.122041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                467                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     467                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            2999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           2999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60309464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2436235120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2496544584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6793341                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6793341                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60309464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2443028461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2503337925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60309464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2443028461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2503337925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1675262.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 823330.557621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833570.812688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1698335.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698335.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1675262.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 824511.799190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834724.216405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1675262.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 824511.799190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834724.216405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1234                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.519507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         159281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        48.531688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.363234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    27.885917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   551.692304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1440.578052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.013616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.269381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.703407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  2844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2857                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1199                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1235                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64672704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1011357151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1076029855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64672704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1011357151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1076029855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64672704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1011357151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1076029855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              4079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               4094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              4094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.296709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1796464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 843500.542952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871279.234818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1796464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 843500.542952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 871279.234818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1796464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 843500.542952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 871279.234818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61511810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    905124773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    966636583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61511810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    905124773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    966636583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61511810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    905124773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    966636583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.296461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1708661.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 755529.860601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783335.966775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1708661.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 755529.860601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783335.966775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1708661.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 755529.860601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783335.966775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          968                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.436252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         183071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        60.760372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.436252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.949888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   446.864926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1533.185187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.014136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.218196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.748626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  2913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   2930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2928                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  2930                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          932                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 968                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     99895281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    768966605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     868861886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     99895281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    768966605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      868861886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     99895281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    768966605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     868861886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              3881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               3898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              3898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.242519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2774868.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 825071.464592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 897584.592975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2774868.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 825071.464592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 897584.592975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2774868.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 825071.464592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 897584.592975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                513                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     513                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96734481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    687127141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    783861622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96734481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    687127141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    783861622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96734481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    687127141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    783861622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.242519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2687068.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 737260.880901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809774.402893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2687068.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 737260.880901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809774.402893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2687068.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 737260.880901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809774.402893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.723346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1947919.616732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    31.723346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.050839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35457.179559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   221.102764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    34.897236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4397889748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4397889748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404521572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4404521572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404521572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4404521572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 341742.928588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341742.928588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1210810045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1210810045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211781616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211781616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211781616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211781616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 300151.225830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300151.225830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              521.665241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1006902733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1907012.751894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.665241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.050746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1127408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1127408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1127408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1127408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1127408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1127408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97773050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97773050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97773050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97773050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97773050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97773050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1127466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1127466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1127466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1127466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1127466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1127466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1685742.241379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1685742.241379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1685742.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1685742.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1685742.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1685742.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65003162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65003162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65003162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65003162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65003162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65003162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1710609.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1710609.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1710609.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1710609.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1710609.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1710609.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6631                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              167288397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             24290.459852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   226.770108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    29.229892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.885821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.114179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       778940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        778940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       643880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1422820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1422820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1422820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1422820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        17509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        17509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7686729704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7686729704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     81563330                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81563330                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7768293034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7768293034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7768293034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7768293034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       796359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       796359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       643970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1440329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1440329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1440329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1440329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 441284.212871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441284.212871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 906259.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 906259.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 443674.283740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443674.283740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 443674.283740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443674.283740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3017563059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3017563059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9373253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9373253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3026936312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3026936312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3026936312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3026936312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456031.896479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456031.896479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 624883.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 624883.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456413.798552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456413.798552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456413.798552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456413.798552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              510.259023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1002478005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1939029.023211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.259023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.045287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1153854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1153854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1153854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1153854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1153854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1153854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    113288291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113288291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    113288291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    113288291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    113288291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    113288291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1153905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1153905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1153905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1153905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1153905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1153905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2221339.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2221339.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2221339.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2221339.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2221339.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2221339.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70996236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70996236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70996236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70996236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70996236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70996236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2028463.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2028463.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2028463.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2028463.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2028463.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2028463.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              158488562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             28080.893338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   226.498524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    29.501476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.884760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.115240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       812640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        812640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       684713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       684713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1597                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1597                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1497353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1497353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1497353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1497353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7892797615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7892797615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    397021450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    397021450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8289819065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8289819065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8289819065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8289819065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       831009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       831009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       685347                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685347                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1597                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1597                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1516356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1516356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1516356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1516356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 429680.310033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 429680.310033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 626216.798107                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 626216.798107                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436237.386992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436237.386992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436237.386992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436237.386992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4033663                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 504207.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1910                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1910                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1833578394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833578394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2554154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2554154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1836132548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1836132548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1836132548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1836132548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 341448.490503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341448.490503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 141897.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141897.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340781.838901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340781.838901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340781.838901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340781.838901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              571.617961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1032064772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1779422.020690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.487527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.130434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.048858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1108007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1108007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1108007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1108007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1108007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104322215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104322215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104322215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104322215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104322215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104322215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1108063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1108063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1108063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1862896.696429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1862896.696429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1862896.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1862896.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1862896.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1862896.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544886                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544886                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77095612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77095612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77095612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77095612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     77095612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77095612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2083665.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2083665.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2083665.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2083665.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2083665.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2083665.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              406609292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             51969.490286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   110.970257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   145.029743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.433478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.566522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2888138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2888138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1581126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1581126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4469264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4469264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4469264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4469264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        27588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        27588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13363154310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13363154310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     35676566                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35676566                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13398830876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13398830876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13398830876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13398830876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2915696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2915696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1581156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1581156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4496852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4496852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4496852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4496852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 484910.164381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 484910.164381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1189218.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1189218.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 485676.050312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 485676.050312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 485676.050312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 485676.050312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1319                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1319                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3564418554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3564418554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10192557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10192557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3574611111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3574611111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3574611111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3574611111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 471546.309565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471546.309565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1132506.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1132506.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 472332.334963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472332.334963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 472332.334963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472332.334963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              509.837026                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1002480679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1939034.195358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.837026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.044611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1156528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1156528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1156528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1156528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1156528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1156528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    123625953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123625953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    123625953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    123625953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    123625953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    123625953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1156576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1156576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2575540.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2575540.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2575540.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2575540.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2575540.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2575540.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78906253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78906253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78906253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78906253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78906253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78906253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2254464.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2254464.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2254464.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2254464.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2254464.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2254464.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              158490831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             28021.716938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   226.481950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    29.518050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.884695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.115305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       813914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        813914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       685700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1499614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1499614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1499614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1499614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7823562224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7823562224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    399948231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    399948231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8223510455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8223510455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8223510455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8223510455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       832277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       832277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       686333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1518610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1518610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 426050.330774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426050.330774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 631829.748815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631829.748815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 432907.478153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432907.478153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 432907.478153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432907.478153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7154041                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 794893.444444                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1821641678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1821641678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3177346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3177346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1824819024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1824819024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1824819024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1824819024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 338469.282423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338469.282423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 176519.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176519.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337929.448889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337929.448889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337929.448889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337929.448889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              487.182978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1004354443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2033106.159919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    32.182978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.051575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1255003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1255003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1255003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1255003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1255003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158224220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158224220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158224220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    158224220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158224220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    158224220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1255060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1255060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1255060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2775863.508772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2775863.508772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2775863.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2775863.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2775863.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2775863.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1255573                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 313893.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103565315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103565315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103565315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103565315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103565315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103565315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2655520.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2655520.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2655520.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2655520.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2655520.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2655520.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3857                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148981539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             36222.110139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   219.751739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    36.248261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.858405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.141595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       999857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       741857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1741714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1741714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1741714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1741714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         9859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         9859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2244542158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2244542158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5782193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5782193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2250324351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2250324351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2250324351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2250324351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1009649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       741924                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741924                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1751573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1751573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 229222.034109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229222.034109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86301.388060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86301.388060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 228250.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228250.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 228250.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228250.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    956394891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    956394891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1178355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1178355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    957573246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    957573246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    957573246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    957573246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 249061.169531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249061.169531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        69315                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69315                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248268.925590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248268.925590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248268.925590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248268.925590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              521.681332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1006901560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1914261.520913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.681332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.050771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1126235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1126235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1126235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1126235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1126235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1126235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94880287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94880287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94880287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94880287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94880287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94880287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1126291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1126291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1126291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1126291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1126291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1126291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1694290.839286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1694290.839286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1694290.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1694290.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1694290.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1694290.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66894310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66894310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66894310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66894310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66894310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66894310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1858175.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858175.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1858175.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858175.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1858175.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858175.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6663                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              167288731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             24178.166064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.101254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.898746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.887114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.112886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       778847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        778847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       644293                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       644293                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1505                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1505                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1423140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1423140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1423140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1423140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        17566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        17566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7770898855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7770898855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     89274418                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89274418                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7860173273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7860173273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7860173273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7860173273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       796321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       796321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       644385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1505                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1505                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1440706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1440706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1440706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1440706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 444712.078231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444712.078231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 970374.108696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 970374.108696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 447465.175510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447465.175510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 447465.175510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447465.175510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3038825635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3038825635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10147970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10147970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3048973605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3048973605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3048973605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3048973605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 457103.735710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457103.735710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 676531.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 676531.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 457597.719496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457597.719496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 457597.719496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457597.719496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              506.574790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001233084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1951721.411306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.574790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.050601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1224988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1224988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1224988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1224988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1224988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1224988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     78719742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78719742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     78719742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78719742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     78719742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78719742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1225037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1225037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1225037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1225037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1225037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1225037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1606525.346939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1606525.346939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1606525.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1606525.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1606525.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1606525.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62484457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62484457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62484457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62484457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62484457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62484457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1644327.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1644327.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1644327.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1644327.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1644327.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1644327.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              152646401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             35367.562790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   221.147730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    34.852270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.863858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.136142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       841145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        841145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       707318                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707318                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1548463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1548463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1548463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1548463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        12997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12997                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        12997                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4368520377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4368520377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6751399                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6751399                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4375271776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4375271776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4375271776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4375271776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       854058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       854058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       707402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1561460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1561460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1561460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1561460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 338304.063889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338304.063889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 80373.797619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80373.797619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 336637.052858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336637.052858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 336637.052858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336637.052858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8937                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8937                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1190403983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1190403983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       971539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1191375522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1191375522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1191375522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1191375522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 294290.230655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294290.230655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64769.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64769.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 293442.246798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293442.246798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 293442.246798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293442.246798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              551.872294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              921320137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1651111.356631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    26.097093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   525.775201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.041822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.842588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1175105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1175105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1175105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1175105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1175105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1175105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62822194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62822194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62822194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62822194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62822194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62822194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1175148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1175148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1175148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1175148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1175148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1175148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1460981.255814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1460981.255814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1460981.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1460981.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1460981.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1460981.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51443329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51443329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51443329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51443329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51443329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51443329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1659462.225806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659462.225806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1659462.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659462.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1659462.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659462.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              205426592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             37040.496213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   193.785822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    62.214178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.756976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.243024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1746753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1746753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       320509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2067262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2067262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2067262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2067262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8520063332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8520063332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2251321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2251321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8522314653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8522314653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8522314653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8522314653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1765332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1765332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       320535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2085867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2085867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2085867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2085867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 458585.679100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458585.679100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86589.269231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86589.269231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 458065.823865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 458065.823865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 458065.823865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 458065.823865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1753365525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1753365525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       389518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       389518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1753755043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1753755043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1753755043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1753755043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 331825.421083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331825.421083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64919.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64919.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 331522.692439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331522.692439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 331522.692439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331522.692439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              487.182032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1004353510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2033104.271255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    32.182032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.051574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1254070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1254070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1254070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1254070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1254070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1254070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    158356900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158356900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    158356900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    158356900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    158356900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    158356900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1254127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1254127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1254127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1254127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1254127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1254127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2778191.228070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2778191.228070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2778191.228070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2778191.228070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2778191.228070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2778191.228070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1272230                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 318057.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104023431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104023431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104023431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104023431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104023431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104023431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2667267.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2667267.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2667267.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2667267.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2667267.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2667267.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3855                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148980191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             36239.404281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   219.729780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    36.270220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.858319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.141681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       999087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       741283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1740370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1740370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1740370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1740370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2264393345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2264393345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5792103                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5792103                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2270185448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2270185448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2270185448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2270185448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1008872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       741350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1750222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1750222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1750222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1750222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 231414.751661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 231414.751661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86449.298507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86449.298507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 230428.892408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 230428.892408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 230428.892408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 230428.892408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    968071988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    968071988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1180293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1180293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    969252281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    969252281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    969252281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    969252281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 252233.451798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252233.451798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        69429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 251427.310246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251427.310246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 251427.310246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251427.310246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              551.861504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              921322958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1654080.714542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    25.688974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.172530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.041168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1177926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1177926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1177926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1177926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1177926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1177926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71546926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71546926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71546926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71546926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71546926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71546926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1177966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1177966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1177966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1177966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1177966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1177966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1788673.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1788673.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1788673.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1788673.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1788673.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1788673.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58648488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58648488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58648488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58648488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58648488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58648488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1954949.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1954949.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1954949.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1954949.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1954949.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1954949.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5283                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              205430332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             37087.981946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   192.602200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    63.397800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.752352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.247648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1750405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1750405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       320599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2071004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2071004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2071004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2071004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        18666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        18666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8341145622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8341145622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2226474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2226474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8343372096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8343372096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8343372096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8343372096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1769045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1769045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       320625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2089670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2089670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2089670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2089670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 447486.353112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447486.353112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85633.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85633.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446982.325940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446982.325940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446982.325940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446982.325940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1737506574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737506574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1737891174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737891174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1737891174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737891174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 329260.294486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329260.294486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 328959.147076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328959.147076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 328959.147076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328959.147076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              550.223843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              921322016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1660039.668468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.051194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.172649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.038544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1176984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1176984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51374862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51374862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51374862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51374862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51374862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51374862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1177024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1177024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1177024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1177024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1177024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1177024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1284371.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1284371.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1284371.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1284371.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1284371.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1284371.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36839090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36839090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36839090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36839090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36839090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36839090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1315681.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1315681.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1315681.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1315681.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1315681.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1315681.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205430351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             37021.148135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   193.361725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    62.638275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.755319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.244681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1750506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1750506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2071019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2071019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2071019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2071019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8374242148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8374242148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2121462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2121462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8376363610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8376363610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8376363610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8376363610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1769125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1769125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2089664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2089664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2089664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2089664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449768.631398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449768.631398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 81594.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81594.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449255.221775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449255.221775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449255.221775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449255.221775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13352                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1727061957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1727061957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       385108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       385108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1727447065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1727447065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1727447065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1727447065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 326661.993002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326661.993002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64184.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64184.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 326364.455885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326364.455885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 326364.455885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326364.455885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              508.417335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1002479144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1942789.038760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    26.417335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.042335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1154993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1154993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1154993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1154993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1154993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93979200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93979200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93979200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93979200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93979200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93979200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1155043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1155043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1155043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1155043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1155043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1155043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1879584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1879584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1879584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1879584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1879584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1879584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62268307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62268307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62268307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62268307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62268307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62268307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1831420.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1831420.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1831420.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1831420.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1831420.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1831420.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              158490658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             28101.180496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   226.511385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    29.488615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.884810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.115190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       813557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        813557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       685874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1499431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1499431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1499431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1499431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          628                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          628                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        18980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18980                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        18980                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7829952918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7829952918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    373723357                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    373723357                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8203676275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8203676275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8203676275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8203676275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       831909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       831909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       686502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1518411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1518411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 426653.929708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426653.929708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 595100.886943                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 595100.886943                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 432227.411749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432227.411749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 432227.411749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432227.411749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4719471                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 471947.100000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1837593124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1837593124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3193022                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3193022                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1840786146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1840786146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1840786146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1840786146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 342451.197167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342451.197167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 177390.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177390.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 341899.358470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341899.358470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 341899.358470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341899.358470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              521.579605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1006906353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1910638.240987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.579605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.050608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1131028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1131028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1131028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1131028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1131028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1131028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100260347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100260347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100260347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100260347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100260347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100260347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1131081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1131081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1131081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1131081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1131081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1131081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1891704.660377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1891704.660377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1891704.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1891704.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1891704.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1891704.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63841929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63841929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63841929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63841929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63841929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63841929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1725457.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1725457.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1725457.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1725457.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1725457.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1725457.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 6649                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167293253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             24227.842578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   226.751591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    29.248409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.885748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.114252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       781704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        781704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       645935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       645935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1509                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1509                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1427639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1427639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1427639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1427639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        17511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        17511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7530989693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7530989693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     68579119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68579119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7599568812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7599568812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7599568812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7599568812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       799126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       799126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       646024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       646024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1509                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1509                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1445150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1445150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1445150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1445150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 432268.952646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 432268.952646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 770551.898876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 770551.898876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 433988.282337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433988.282337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 433988.282337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433988.282337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2962286340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2962286340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7818741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7818741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2970105081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2970105081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2970105081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2970105081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 446463.653353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446463.653353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 558481.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 558481.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 446699.515867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446699.515867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 446699.515867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446699.515867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              506.575485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001231600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1951718.518519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.575485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.050602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1223504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1223504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1223504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1223504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1223504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82563686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82563686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82563686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82563686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82563686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82563686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1223553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1223553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1223553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1684973.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1684973.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1684973.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1684973.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1684973.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1684973.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65123389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65123389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65123389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65123389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65123389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65123389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1713773.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1713773.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1713773.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1713773.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1713773.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1713773.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4056                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              152644484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35399.926716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   221.158384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    34.841616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.863900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.136100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       840099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       706451                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706451                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1842                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1842                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1546550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1546550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1546550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1546550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        12986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        12986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4345618556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4345618556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6753315                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6753315                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4352371871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4352371871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4352371871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4352371871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       853001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       706535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1842                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1842                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1559536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1559536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1559536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1559536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336817.435746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336817.435746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 80396.607143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80396.607143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 335158.776452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335158.776452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 335158.776452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335158.776452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1206318635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1206318635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       971783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1207290418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1207290418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1207290418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1207290418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 298519.830488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298519.830488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64785.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64785.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 297655.428501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297655.428501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 297655.428501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297655.428501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              486.806556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1004354604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2037230.434077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.806556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.050972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1255164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1255164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1255164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1255164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1255164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    151483280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151483280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    151483280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151483280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    151483280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151483280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1255221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1255221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1255221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2657601.403509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2657601.403509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2657601.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2657601.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2657601.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2657601.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1254904                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       313726                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    100327290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100327290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    100327290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100327290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    100327290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100327290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2640191.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2640191.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2640191.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2640191.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2640191.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2640191.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3860                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148979332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             36195.172983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   219.725320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    36.274680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.858302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.141698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       998376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        998376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       741131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1941                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1941                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1739507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1739507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1739507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1739507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         9913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         9913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2266648778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2266648778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6810216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6810216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2273458994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2273458994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2273458994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2273458994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1008200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       741220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1941                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1941                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1749420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1749420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1749420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1749420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 230725.649226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230725.649226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 76519.280899                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76519.280899                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 229341.167558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 229341.167558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 229341.167558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229341.167558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         4903                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  2451.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6053                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    966193787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    966193787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1194912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1194912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    967388699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    967388699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    967388699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    967388699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 251416.546188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251416.546188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 70288.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70288.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 250618.833938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250618.833938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 250618.833938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250618.833938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
