
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.120026                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                120026023230                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               685324455057                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 312436                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   398156                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2008188                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67623880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59768.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18673793746                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23797130349                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2985856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3038720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4839424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      3101312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4964480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2919424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2932096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4451584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2188928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4429568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2939648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      3009024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2960896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4981632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2940160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4963968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             57724032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12399488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12399488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        23327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        23740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        37808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        24229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        38785                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        22808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        22907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        34778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        17101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        34606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        22966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        23508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        23132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        38919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        22970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        38781                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                450969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           96871                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                96871                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     24876739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        39458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     25317176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     40319790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        41591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     25838663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     41361697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        39458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24323259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24428836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        40525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     37088490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        44790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     18237112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     36905063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        36259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24491755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     25069763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24668784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        40525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     41504599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        37325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24496021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        40525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     41357431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               480929306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37325                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        39458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43724                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        41591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45857                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        39458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37325                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        40525                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        44790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        36259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40525                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        37325                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        40525                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        37325                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        40525                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             644127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         103306664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              103306664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         103306664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        37325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     24876739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        39458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     25317176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        43724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     40319790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        41591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     25838663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        45857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     41361697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        39458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24323259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        37325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24428836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        40525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     37088490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        44790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     18237112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        41591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     36905063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        36259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24491755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        40525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     25069763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        37325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24668784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        40525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     41504599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        37325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24496021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        40525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     41357431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              584235969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              287832191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21815405                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19472297                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1741075                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14461459                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14212676                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310594                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230420320                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123959999                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21815405                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15523270                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27625624                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5728484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3534061                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13945244                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1709063                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    265557634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      237932010     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4204680      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2134424      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4159061      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1335071      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3841029      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         608019      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         990096      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10353244      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    265557634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075792                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430668                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228031933                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5974959                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27571155                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22352                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3957231                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2065162                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20368                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138683753                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38407                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3957231                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228302081                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3528314                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1604158                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27313061                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       852785                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138481580                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       107079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       664826                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181507588                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627697333                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627697333                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034310                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34473258                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18598                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9409                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1930772                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24961889                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4066821                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26331                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       925896                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137770370                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18663                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128957814                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82141                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25000364                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51198733                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265557634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    209034585     78.72%     78.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17804618      6.70%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18889873      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10974047      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679923      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1421816      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680126      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39387      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33259      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265557634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215333     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88208     23.43%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72943     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101134117     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012936      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22769158     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032413      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128957814                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.448031                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376484                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002919                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523931887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162789747                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125674703                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129334298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102562                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5123826                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          360                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100875                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3957231                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2500506                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104446                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137789142                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24961889                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066821                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9404                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46118                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2723                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          360                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172079                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       673644                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1845723                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127326533                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22448238                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631281                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 109                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26480468                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19343338                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4032230                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.442364                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125703438                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125674703                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76032581                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165718932                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.436625                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458804                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615982                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25178976                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18535                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1730236                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261600403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219647190     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16496093      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10567151      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352919      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5531697      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080697      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686646      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627399      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610611      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261600403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804006                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3610611                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          395784373                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279550300                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5134734                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              22274557                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615982                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.878322                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.878322                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.347425                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.347425                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591796681                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163765170                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147241113                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              287832191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23357848                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19153268                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2288649                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9725410                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9130249                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2399865                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103262                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222995283                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            132710603                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23357848                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     11530114                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            29202051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6485206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      7508207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13735499                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2270649                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    263866733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      234664682     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3168225      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        3666869      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2015106      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2311924      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1279002      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         866792      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2261972      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13632161      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    263866733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081151                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461069                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      221188328                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9349162                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        28956899                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       232411                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      4139929                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3792821                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        21263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    162022826                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts       104943                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      4139929                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      221542015                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3340565                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      5019548                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        28849821                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       974851                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    161923351                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       247881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       455470                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    225054350                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    753908670                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    753908670                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    192351327                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       32703016                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        42616                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2605597                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15461296                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8420085                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222003                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1863750                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        161691070                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42687                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       152888549                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       214658                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20074028                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46292791                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4909                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263866733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199447834     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25909273      9.82%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13927873      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9632040      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8420998      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4307751      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1046796      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       669457      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504711      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263866733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40487     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141337     42.83%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148164     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127980072     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2389321      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18732      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14138546      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8361878      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    152888549                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.531173                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329988                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570188477                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181809223                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150346615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    153218537                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       386066                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2717237                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          889                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1440                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       175561                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9367                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      4139929                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2784773                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       166744                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161733890                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        60049                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15461296                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8420085                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23817                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       118813                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1440                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1328504                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1281700                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2610204                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150629804                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13275897                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2258745                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21635883                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       21083947                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8359986                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.523325                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            150348965                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           150346615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        89356033                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       234032087                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.522341                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381811                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112953218                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    138579639                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23155660                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37778                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2301824                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259726804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203120565     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26247842     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11000265      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6612980      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4574456      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2957908      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1531482      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1234377      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2446929      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259726804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    112953218                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    138579639                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20988580                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12744056                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             18848                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         19834362                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       124933795                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2819406                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2446929                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          419014420                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         327610609                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3414023                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              23965458                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         112953218                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           138579639                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    112953218                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.548243                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.548243                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.392427                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.392427                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      679485165                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     208670893                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     151204126                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        37744                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              287832191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       22353185                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20170535                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1171339                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8433503                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7998722                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1237261                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51899                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    237051894                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            140627409                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          22353185                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9235983                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            27811621                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       3675107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      5863349                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13605841                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1177574                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    273201386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      245389765     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         993128      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2034416      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         852338      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        4622994      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        4112817      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         799380      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1666173      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       12730375      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    273201386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077660                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.488574                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      235712137                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      7217159                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        27710256                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        87771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2474058                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1962012                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          464                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    164902461                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2504                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2474058                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      235953007                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       5251897                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1212421                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        27573837                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       736161                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    164816645                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       313091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       267206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4430                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    193494432                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    776331426                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    776331426                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    171761343                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       21733083                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        19140                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9663                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1860794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     38899629                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     19680325                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       180006                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       954139                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        164499748                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       158216233                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81899                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12597945                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30162109                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           97                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273201386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217002048     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16815896      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13812414      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5969949      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7574283      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7331713      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4160844      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       329011      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       205228      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273201386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400621     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3121454     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90252      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99239696     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381743      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9476      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37947350     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19637968     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    158216233                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.549682                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3612327                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593328078                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177120895                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156868575                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    161828560                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       284832                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1483563                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          639                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4010                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116403                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14013                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2474058                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       4834038                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       209045                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164519042                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38899629                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19680325                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9663                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142728                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          103                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4010                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       683594                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       690113                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1373707                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157110924                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37818926                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1105309                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           57455302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       20582967                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         19636376                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.545842                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            156873419                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           156868575                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        84715695                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       166876840                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.545000                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507654                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127491636                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    149825021                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14709790                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19102                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1197202                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270727328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216417877     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19805413      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9292186      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9196628      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2500274      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10698483      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798844      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582207      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1435416      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270727328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    127491636                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    149825021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             56979980                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            37416063                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              9536                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         19784722                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       133231048                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1451260                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1435416                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          433826333                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         331543949                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               5196920                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              14630805                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         127491636                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           149825021                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    127491636                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.257655                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.257655                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.442937                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.442937                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      776753955                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     182157777                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     196397318                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        19072                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              287832191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       23349058                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19145305                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2289160                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9678321                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9123334                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2395189                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102270                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222909034                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            132678889                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          23349058                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     11518523                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            29192387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6495075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      7573668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13731856                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2271360                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    263845682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965708                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      234653295     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3167115      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        3663791      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2011579      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2316732      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1274507      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         864808      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        2261631      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       13632224      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    263845682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081120                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460959                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      221104117                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      9412555                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        28948797                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       230954                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      4149255                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3792300                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        21339                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    161987998                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts       105321                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      4149255                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      221455497                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       3261549                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      5163662                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        28842892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       972823                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    161890470                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       249660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       453921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    224987852                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    753779423                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    753779423                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    192193393                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       32794459                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        42386                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23636                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2593924                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     15455999                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      8420077                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221977                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1864728                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        161659935                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42466                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       152816517                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       212977                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20156147                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46513600                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4717                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263845682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199460883     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25890255      9.81%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13917611      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9633386      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8418750      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4309621      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1041997      0.39%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       669637      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       503542      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263845682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39613     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       142997     43.24%     55.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148089     44.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127922055     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2388843      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18716      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14126004      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8360899      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    152816517                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530922                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330699                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002164                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570022392                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181859999                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150272891                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    153147216                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       385408                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2722326                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          950                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1452                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       182244                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9363                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           11                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      4149255                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2699302                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       165317                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161702538                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15455999                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8420077                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23613                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       116513                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1452                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1326301                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1284750                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2611051                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150555918                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13264724                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2260599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           21623672                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       21070850                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          8358948                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.523068                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            150275214                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           150272891                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        89309744                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       233969805                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.522085                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381715                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112860685                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    138466088                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23237938                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37749                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2302196                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259696427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203140584     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26224242     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10993285      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6598286      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4575256      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2952942      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1533151      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1233670      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2445011      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259696427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    112860685                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    138466088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             20971506                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            12733673                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             18834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         19818088                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       124831458                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2817103                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2445011                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          418954688                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         327557394                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3414968                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              23986509                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         112860685                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           138466088                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    112860685                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.550332                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.550332                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.392106                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.392106                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      679126731                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     208562540                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     151162687                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        37714                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              287832191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       22343186                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20160500                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1168044                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8470883                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7995768                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1237331                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51928                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236910309                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            140564444                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          22343186                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9233099                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            27800246                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       3667356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      5878120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13596082                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1174487                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    273058714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      245258468     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         994198      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2032036      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         852058      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        4623790      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        4111098      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         798445      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1664150      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       12724471      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    273058714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077626                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488356                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      235571973                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      7230569                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        27699172                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        87416                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      2469579                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1962031                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          461                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    164824953                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2433                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      2469579                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      235810722                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       5266652                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1215209                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        27564744                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       731803                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    164740005                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       312619                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       265006                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5530                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    193394016                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    775973339                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    775973339                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    171697481                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       21696529                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        19125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9649                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1845302                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     38882740                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     19674337                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179882                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       956371                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        164424380                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19185                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       158152463                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12578229                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30106137                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273058714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216883351     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16805135      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13810312      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5966606      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7569899      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7330836      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4159677      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328136      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204762      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273058714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400980     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3120558     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90166      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99194628     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381741      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9472      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37934698     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19631924     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    158152463                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.549461                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3611704                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593057190                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177025829                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156807526                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    161764167                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285367                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1478722                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          644                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4040                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116799                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14007                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      2469579                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       4846987                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       209144                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164443666                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38882740                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19674337                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9653                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       143018                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          112                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4040                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       681932                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       688789                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1370721                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157049072                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37806496                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1103391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 101                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           57436910                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       20576276                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         19630414                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.545627                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            156812396                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           156807526                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        84681950                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       166791892                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.544788                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507710                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127446041                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    149771136                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14688344                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19094                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1193910                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270589135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216300122     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19797239      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9288288      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9193884      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2499584      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10695005      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       797980      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581836      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1435197      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270589135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    127446041                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    149771136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             56961548                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            37404015                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              9532                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         19777487                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       133183053                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1450648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1435197                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          433613028                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         331388818                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               5193021                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              14773477                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         127446041                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           149771136                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    127446041                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.258463                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.258463                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.442779                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.442779                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      776454778                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     182074563                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     196317362                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        19064                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              287832191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       21826764                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19482891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740717                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14464884                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14220302                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311203                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52194                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230544159                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            124027959                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          21826764                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     15531505                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            27639749                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5727786                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3528876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13951842                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708933                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    265690082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      238050333     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        4208413      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2133672      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        4161213      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1335745      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3842337      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         608646      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         990450      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10359273      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    265690082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075832                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430904                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      228140754                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5984747                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        27585075                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        22603                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3956899                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      2065686                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        20370                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    138756952                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        38171                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3956899                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      228411908                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3542257                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1595588                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        27326557                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       856869                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    138555297                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       107789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       668117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    181603801                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    628026514                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    628026514                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    147129650                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       34474133                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        18613                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9419                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1938747                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     24975813                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      4068311                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26386                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       925786                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        137844422                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18678                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       129030870                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81923                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25001726                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51203642                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265690082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    209132963     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17816213      6.71%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18902227      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10979930      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5683244      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1421852      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680711      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39625      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33317      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265690082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215229     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88269     23.44%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73062     19.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101191169     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013541      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9196      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22782345     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4034619      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    129030870                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.448285                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376560                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002918                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524210305                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162865174                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125746851                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    129407430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       103089                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5124571                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          130                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          359                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99922                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3956899                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2507541                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       105319                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137863195                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18405                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24975813                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4068311                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9414                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46329                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2706                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          359                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171780                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       673201                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1844981                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127400035                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22462695                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1630835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           26497163                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19355006                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          4034468                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.442619                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            125775592                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           125746851                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        76078138                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       165803029                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.436876                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100065287                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    112689098                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25179918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18546                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1729871                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261733183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219750668     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16507804      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10575914      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3355832      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5534345      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081141      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686687      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627573      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3613219      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261733183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    100065287                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    112689098                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             23819624                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            19851237                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              9253                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17279157                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        98499945                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1412987                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3613219                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          395988603                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         279698122                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               5136238                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              22142109                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         100065287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           112689098                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    100065287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.876444                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.876444                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.347651                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.347651                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      592140536                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     163858317                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     147323405                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        18528                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              287832191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       21821060                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19477478                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1741650                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14482130                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14218770                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310772                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52118                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230521849                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            123989403                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          21821060                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     15529542                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            27634157                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5728564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3508568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13950535                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1709560                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    265641725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      238007568     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        4206313      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2135037      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        4160995      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1336241      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3844168      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         607841      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         988699      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10354863      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    265641725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075812                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.430770                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      228133583                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5949405                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        27579781                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        22218                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3956734                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2065290                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        20387                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    138715053                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        38287                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3956734                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      228403516                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3522678                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1585827                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        27322260                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       850706                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    138513998                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       106751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       663245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    181549766                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    627840484                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    627840484                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    147084014                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       34465716                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        18600                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9409                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1927391                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     24968132                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      4067390                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26103                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       927198                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        137804932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18664                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       128996353                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82056                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24994458                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51180234                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265641725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    209099076     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17809718      6.70%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18900170      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10977577      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5681541      2.14%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420487      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680437      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39409      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33310      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265641725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215265     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88219     23.43%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73030     19.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101164936     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013115      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22776101     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4033009      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    128996353                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.448165                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376514                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002919                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524093001                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162818397                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125711707                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    129372867                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101352                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5121264                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100572                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3956734                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2495425                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104626                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137823696                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18497                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24968132                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067390                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9404                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46083                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2597                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          351                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173436                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672422                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1845858                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127364521                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22455560                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631832                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           26488363                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       19349981                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          4032803                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.442496                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            125740674                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           125711707                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        76054775                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       165761511                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.436753                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458820                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100036757                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    112655468                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25173991                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18538                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1730784                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261684991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219716006     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16503326      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10572027      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352888      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5532757      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081347      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686747      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627965      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611928      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261684991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    100036757                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    112655468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             23813677                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            19846859                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17274148                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        98470121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1412438                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3611928                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          395902145                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         279618840                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               5135528                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              22190466                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         100036757                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           112655468                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    100036757                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.877264                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.877264                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.347552                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.347552                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      591972409                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     163812521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     147277030                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        18520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              287832191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       23274704                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19032174                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2272788                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9862486                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9208379                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2396463                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101483                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    225987935                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            131979857                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          23274704                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     11604842                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            27678901                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6568236                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      3993637                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13893779                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2290908                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    261906138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      234227237     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1503533      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2376603      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3764550      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1575131      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1768877      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1856316      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1215902      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13617989      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    261906138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.080862                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.458531                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      223925987                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      6071824                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        27592838                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        70330                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      4245157                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3818219                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          487                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    161191368                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         3187                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      4245157                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      224257185                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1970448                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      3129610                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27338599                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       965137                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    161098314                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents        31407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       277208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       359392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        51123                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    223654245                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    749404761                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    749404761                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    191238988                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       32415210                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        41051                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22561                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2893647                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     15364589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      8252238                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249435                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1871150                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        160873336                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       152391810                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187392                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20214875                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44732918                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3880                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261906138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197635177     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25795144      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14118477      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9614132      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8986275      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2595547      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2006058      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       684491      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470837      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261906138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35496     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109463     38.62%     51.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138444     48.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127665421     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2405651      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18487      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14089027      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8213224      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    152391810                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.529447                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283403                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567160551                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181131035                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149955673                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    152675213                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       463129                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2744041                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          350                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1686                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       229798                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9509                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      4245157                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1308551                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137166                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160914659                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64061                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15364589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8252238                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22544                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100913                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           40                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1686                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1329901                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1292959                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2622860                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150236817                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13255135                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2154991                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 154                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           21466399                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       21145092                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          8211264                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.521960                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            149956771                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           149955673                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        87681687                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       229031945                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.520983                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112329405                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    137685117                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23229778                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37289                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2320983                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257660981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201764317     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27068975     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10540305      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5678633      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4255248      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2371807      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1463193      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1307576      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3210927      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257660981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    112329405                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    137685117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             20642982                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            12620546                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             18604                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         19763662                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       124064539                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2796713                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3210927                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          415364195                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         326075207                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3645612                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              25926053                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         112329405                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           137685117                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    112329405                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.562394                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.562394                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390260                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390260                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      677526585                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     207880200                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     150341892                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        37254                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              287832191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       23720177                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19408119                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2308168                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9826619                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9341702                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2449806                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105321                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228189428                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            132643838                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          23720177                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     11791508                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            27688937                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6300279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      5535227                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13956508                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2310678                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    265375606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      237686669     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1291705      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2052253      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2775150      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2855731      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2419107      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1362286      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        2002455      0.75%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12930250      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    265375606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082410                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460837                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      225866316                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      7878114                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        27639050                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        30517                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3961608                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3905171                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    162749734                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2012                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3961608                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      226488703                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1613747                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      4842575                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        27054973                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1413997                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    162690976                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       193771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       616073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    226993963                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    756895332                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    756895332                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    196870690                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       30123270                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        40267                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20916                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         4198586                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     15217777                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8255513                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        96962                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1990784                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        162488796                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40410                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       154309487                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21085                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17941424                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43001525                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1383                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265375606                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    200050971     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26884546     10.13%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13601998      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10253234      3.86%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8063757      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3272403      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2037576      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1070224      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       140897      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265375606                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29295     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93924     36.66%     48.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132982     51.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129772877     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2307477      1.50%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19349      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13980225      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8229559      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    154309487                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.536109                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            256201                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    574271866                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180471264                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    152020182                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    154565688                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       317715                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2428904                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          170                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          636                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       119984                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3961608                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1292340                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162529365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        65515                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15217777                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8255513                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20917                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115774                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          636                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1341596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1299388                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2640984                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152206037                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13158092                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2103450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 159                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           21387345                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       21629285                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8229253                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.528801                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            152020434                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           152020182                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        87263474                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       235124302                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.528156                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371138                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114763559                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    141214345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21315066                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39027                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2337478                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261413998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203469343     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28730625     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10837874      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5173858      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4374618      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2499393      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2174007      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987321      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3166959      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261413998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    114763559                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    141214345                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             20924402                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            12788873                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             19470                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         20363616                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       127231975                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2907836                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3166959                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          420775670                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         329020495                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3451961                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              22456585                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         114763559                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           141214345                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    114763559                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.508045                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.508045                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398717                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398717                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      685051225                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     211754588                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     150889643                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        38994                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              287832188                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       23274131                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19032132                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2272224                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9853288                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9208405                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2396781                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101239                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226026181                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            131989174                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          23274131                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     11605186                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            27678140                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       6568469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      4021147                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13895178                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2290345                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    261971933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      234293793     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1502166      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2372647      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3766465      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1574631      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1769199      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1858043      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1217326      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       13617663      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    261971933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.080860                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.458563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      223963147                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      6100338                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        27591955                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        70533                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      4245958                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3817786                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    161205515                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3194                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      4245958                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      224293197                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1973515                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      3158280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        27338892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       962089                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    161113539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        29991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       278172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       358883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        48237                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    223672931                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    749474448                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    749474448                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    191258567                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       32414364                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        41036                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22544                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2892136                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     15364650                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      8254250                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249376                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1872090                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        160892023                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41150                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       152403896                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187270                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20227651                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44763155                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3856                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261971933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197694408     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25802751      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14118380      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9608126      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8988780      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2597918      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2005777      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       685709      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470084      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261971933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35443     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109822     38.69%     51.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138597     48.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127675558     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2405514      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18489      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14089182      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8215153      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    152403896                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.529489                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283862                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567250857                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181162487                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149967763                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    152687758                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       461836                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2742806                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          409                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1693                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       230981                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9513                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      4245958                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1310422                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137897                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160933327                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15364650                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8254250                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22521                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101714                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           41                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1693                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1331358                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1291786                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2623144                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150248784                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13255301                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2155112                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 154                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           21468473                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       21145113                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          8213172                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522001                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            149968891                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           149967763                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        87689767                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       229059548                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521025                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382825                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112340964                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    137699284                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23234293                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37294                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2320408                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257725975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201825319     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27071312     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10539671      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5679003      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4256337      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2371960      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1462055      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1308401      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3211917      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257725975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    112340964                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    137699284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             20645113                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            12621844                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             18606                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         19765694                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       124077312                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2797006                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3211917                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          415446881                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         326113340                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3647078                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              25860255                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         112340964                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           137699284                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    112340964                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.562130                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.562130                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390300                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390300                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      677579489                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     207893831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     150353151                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        37260                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              287832191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       21821302                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19478869                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1741582                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14461640                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14216576                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311352                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52257                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230498854                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            123997545                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          21821302                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     15527928                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            27632582                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5729712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      3508600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13949721                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1709506                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    265618400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      237985818     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        4203867      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2135651      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        4160110      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1335650      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3841974      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         609875      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         990478      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10354977      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    265618400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075813                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430798                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      228101632                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5958346                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        27578064                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        22394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3957960                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      2064382                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        20374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    138723300                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        38365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3957960                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      228372006                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3522692                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1590987                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        27320255                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       854496                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    138523883                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       107410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       666137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    181565698                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    627894469                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    627894469                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    147076733                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       34488945                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        18592                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9402                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1934138                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     24972030                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      4067169                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26069                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       927743                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        137813681                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18659                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       129001253                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82472                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25008999                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51215475                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265618400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    209078401     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17808732      6.70%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18895752      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10979507      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679011      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1421428      0.54%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1682883      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39474      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33212      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265618400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215497     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88220     23.42%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72994     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101166513     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013285      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22778982     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4033281      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    129001253                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.448182                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376711                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002920                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524080089                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162841684                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125713637                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    129377964                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102250                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5127000                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          131                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          353                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100355                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3957960                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2491863                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       105060                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137832442                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24972030                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067169                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9399                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46351                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2601                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          353                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173332                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       673755                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1847087                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127367855                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22457347                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1633398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 102                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           26490441                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19348698                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          4033094                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.442507                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            125742307                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           125713637                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        76058721                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       165779037                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.436760                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458796                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100030589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    112649300                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25188862                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18538                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1730727                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261660440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219693004     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16501918      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10571793      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3354598      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5532366      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080899      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686485      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627883      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611494      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261660440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    100030589                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    112649300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             23811840                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            19845026                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17273117                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        98464980                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1412436                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3611494                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          395886731                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         279637452                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               5135299                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              22213791                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         100030589                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           112649300                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    100030589                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.877442                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.877442                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.347531                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.347531                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      591994262                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     163818633                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     147285879                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        18520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              287832191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       23360986                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19149744                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2288071                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9615569                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9126628                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2399642                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102917                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223122997                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            132850321                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          23360986                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     11526270                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            29222154                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6496532                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      7461642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13745515                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2271584                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    263979789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      234757635     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3170787      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        3661560      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2014359      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2316132      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1272529      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         870359      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        2266542      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       13649886      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    263979789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081162                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461555                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      221302030                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      9316161                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        28979945                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       229988                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      4151661                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3799467                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        21335                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    162194466                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts       105941                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      4151661                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      221653808                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3081560                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      5245435                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        28872606                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       974715                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    162097601                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       248666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       455950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    225274699                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    754801016                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    754801016                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    192421098                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       32853580                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        42424                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23661                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2598852                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     15466241                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8434413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1867711                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        161863987                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42494                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       152993157                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       212736                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20197336                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46686897                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4701                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263979789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199527970     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25917483      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13923940      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9644842      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8433192      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4314047      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1042639      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       670977      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504699      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263979789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         38689     11.74%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       142492     43.24%     54.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148363     45.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128062841     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2394673      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18739      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14142128      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8374776      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    152993157                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.531536                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329544                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570508383                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    182105270                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150455442                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    153322701                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       386701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2717597                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          950                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1457                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186911                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9370                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            8                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      4151661                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2527053                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       161148                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161906608                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15466241                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8434413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23619                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       112258                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1457                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1325542                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1283280                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2608822                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150738437                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13277681                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2254720                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 127                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           21650550                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       21091382                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8372869                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.523702                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            150457493                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           150455442                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        89406332                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       234227634                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.522719                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381707                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112994233                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    138629856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23278055                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37793                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2301259                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259828128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203209753     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26250979     10.10%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11003499      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6611547      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4576974      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2957294      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1533725      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1234334      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2450023      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259828128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    112994233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    138629856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20996138                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            12748640                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             18856                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         19841515                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       124979093                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2820424                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2450023                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          419285262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         327967587                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3417118                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              23852402                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         112994233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           138629856                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    112994233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.547318                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.547318                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.392570                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.392570                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      679962899                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     208808390                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     151357360                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        37758                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              287832191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       21818319                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19475480                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740980                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14464085                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14214164                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310879                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52221                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230453330                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            123976995                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          21818319                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     15525043                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            27630153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5727295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3521397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13946849                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708863                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    265581441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      237951288     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        4204893      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2135289      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        4159712      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1335730      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3842199      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         608133      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         989289      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10354908      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    265581441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075802                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.430727                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      228055155                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5972311                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        27575577                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        22256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3956138                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      2064718                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        20393                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    138703644                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        38439                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3956138                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      228326180                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       3525792                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1602155                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        27317305                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       853867                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    138502195                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       107329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       665743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    181537425                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    627794629                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    627794629                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    147068192                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34469209                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        18621                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9430                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1933337                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     24964121                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      4067671                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26086                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       928425                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        137791098                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18682                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       128979453                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82244                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24993950                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51201432                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          142                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265581441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    209047983     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17806367      6.70%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18895921      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10977533      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679302      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420771      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680754      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39422      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33388      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265581441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215556     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88280     23.42%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73038     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101150393     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013176      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22773436     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4033256      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    128979453                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.448106                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376874                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523999464                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162804068                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125694557                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    129356327                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102027                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5121261                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100869                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3956138                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2493829                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       105403                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137809871                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24964121                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067671                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9420                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46478                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2642                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172774                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672833                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1845607                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127346785                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22451218                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1632667                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           26484248                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19346176                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          4033030                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.442434                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            125723407                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           125694557                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        76045541                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       165748741                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.436694                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.458800                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100023347                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    112642058                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25173578                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18540                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1730102                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261625303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219660975     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16501031      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10571129      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3353600      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5531932      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080690      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686435      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627907      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611604      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261625303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    100023347                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    112642058                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             23809657                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            19842855                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17271934                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        98458907                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1412429                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3611604                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          395828958                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         279590542                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               5134063                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              22250750                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         100023347                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           112642058                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    100023347                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.877650                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.877650                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.347506                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.347506                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      591891347                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     163793489                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     147261211                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        18524                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              287832191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       22335716                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20153482                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1168705                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8446562                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7991122                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1235893                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51700                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236888331                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            140533733                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          22335716                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9227015                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            27790395                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       3666835                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      5878906                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13594875                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1174851                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    273026521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      245236126     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         991408      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2030436      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         853396      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        4619220      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        4110755      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         798322      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1665646      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12721212      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    273026521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077600                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.488249                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      235540301                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      7241076                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        27689341                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        87367                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2468431                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1961697                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          458                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    164786858                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2448                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2468431                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      235781828                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       5268589                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1216844                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        27552094                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       738730                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    164702288                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       313013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       268731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5130                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    193357909                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    775792715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    775792715                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    171663590                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       21694296                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        19126                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9651                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1865015                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     38873622                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     19671676                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       178835                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       953662                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        164385198                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19187                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       158121278                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81282                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12562199                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30069681                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           97                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273026521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216862006     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16801901      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13807716      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5968039      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7565343      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7327963      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4161411      1.52%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       326961      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       205181      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273026521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        399813     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3120066     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90180      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99174237     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381176      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9470      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37927451     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19628944     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    158121278                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.549352                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3610059                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592960414                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176970610                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156776435                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    161731337                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       284865                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1476483                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          647                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4033                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117760                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14007                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2468431                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       4851054                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       208683                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164404495                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38873622                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19671676                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9657                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142477                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          123                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4033                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       681968                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       689336                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1371304                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157017619                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37799992                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1103655                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 110                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           57427392                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       20573687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         19627400                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.545518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            156781320                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           156776435                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        84663046                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       166742615                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.544680                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507747                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127421413                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    149742088                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14678325                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19090                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1194562                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270558090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216279231     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19793918      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9287217      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9191921      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2497420      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10693528      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798222      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581743      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1434890      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270558090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    127421413                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    149742088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             56951044                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            37397130                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              9530                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         19773631                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       133157187                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1450342                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1434890                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          433543223                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         331309526                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               5192922                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              14805670                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         127421413                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           149742088                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    127421413                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.258900                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.258900                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.442693                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.442693                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      776294726                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     182046544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     196277845                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        19060                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              287832191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       21821050                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19478312                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14493291                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14220533                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310508                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52098                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230493512                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            123989779                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          21821050                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     15531041                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            27633908                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5723011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3511183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13947478                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1707154                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    265612667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      237978759     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        4206649      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2135420      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        4162000      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1334091      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3843652      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         609106      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         987799      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10355191      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    265612667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075812                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430771                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      228100059                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5957296                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        27579477                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        22178                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3953653                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      2064771                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        20382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    138710893                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        38337                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3953653                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      228370550                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3513214                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1600814                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        27321228                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       853204                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    138509936                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       107113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       665144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    181545340                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    627809935                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    627809935                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    147093042                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       34452275                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        18605                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9413                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1933582                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     24967476                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      4067536                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26272                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       929035                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        137798122                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18667                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       128990482                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82343                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24980717                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51171901                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265612667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    209066794     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17811931      6.71%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18904426      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10979849      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5677454      2.14%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1418817      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680738      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39441      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33217      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265612667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215322     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88169     23.43%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72876     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101156721     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013255      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9193      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22778217     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4033096      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    128990482                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.448145                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376367                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002918                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524052339                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162797858                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125708052                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    129366849                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       100902                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5118635                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          359                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100655                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3953653                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2483357                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104696                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137816894                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18390                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24967476                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067536                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9405                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46113                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2652                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          359                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172455                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       670930                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1843385                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127360452                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22456784                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1630028                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 105                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           26489681                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19348944                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          4032897                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.442482                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            125736682                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           125708052                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        76053514                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       165735995                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.436741                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458884                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100044034                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    112662854                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25159742                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18542                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1728316                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261659014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219683703     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16508117      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10573650      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3353325      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5532314      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081402      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686237      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628354      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611912      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261659014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100044034                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    112662854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             23815722                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            19848841                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              9251                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17275316                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        98476370                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1412454                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3611912                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          395869321                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         279601979                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               5131975                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              22219524                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100044034                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           112662854                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100044034                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.877055                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.877055                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.347578                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.347578                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      591956627                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     163808237                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     147279136                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        18524                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              287832191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       22343296                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20159933                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1169353                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8459710                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7994042                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1237609                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51947                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236910106                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            140569400                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          22343296                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9231651                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            27801531                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       3669084                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      5892848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13597071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1175200                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    273074959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      245273428     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         994088      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2031022      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         852594      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        4625073      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        4111822      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         797570      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1664248      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12725114      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    273074959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077626                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.488373                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      235570644                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      7246573                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        27699858                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        87862                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2470017                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1962186                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          457                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    164833305                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2454                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2470017                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      235810597                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       5268130                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1228141                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        27564483                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       733586                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    164745335                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       313301                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       265886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4610                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    193394650                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    776001681                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    776001681                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    171703540                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       21691110                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        19695                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        10221                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1853099                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     38887927                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     19676126                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       180411                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       954062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        164429032                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19757                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       158163975                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82225                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12572505                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30082981                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          660                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273074959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216899483     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16802082      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13810210      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5965752      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7572481      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7332211      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4160365      1.52%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       327952      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204423      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273074959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400497     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3120902     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90256      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99200877     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381667      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9472      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37938611     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19633348     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    158163975                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.549501                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3611655                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593096789                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177025321                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156816133                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    161775630                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       286762                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1481556                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          656                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4035                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117408                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14009                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2470017                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       4848339                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       208579                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164448888                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1614                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38887927                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19676126                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        10223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          105                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4035                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       681675                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       690162                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1371837                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157059641                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37810910                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1104334                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           57442673                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       20577758                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         19631763                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.545664                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            156820983                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           156816133                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        84685734                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       166810471                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.544818                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507676                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127451683                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    149777504                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14686911                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19097                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1195227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270604942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216315152     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19796666      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9288572      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9195108      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2497784      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10695478      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       799126      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581360      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1435696      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270604942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    127451683                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    149777504                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             56965089                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            37406371                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              9533                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         19778268                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       133188654                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1450655                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1435696                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          433633271                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         331399109                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               5193915                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              14757232                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         127451683                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           149777504                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    127451683                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.258363                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.258363                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.442799                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.442799                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      776505347                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     182081887                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     196326125                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        19068                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         451119                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32764.365193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2353567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         483887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           4.863877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           226.315820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     1.797046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1452.571726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.267501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1599.126177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.323083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  2360.982698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.395079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1549.348465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.435954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  2382.912337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.063008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1476.925066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.013627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1472.662262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.166760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1967.258572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.287811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1155.044647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.153716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1985.116768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     1.894630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1474.207476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.282934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1592.812462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.131391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1481.966346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.118037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  2392.865298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.072862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1474.490762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.236391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2383.729245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           253.996244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           264.618901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           332.780851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           268.848237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           279.245158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           257.043633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           260.518939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           291.062128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           225.003833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           293.817148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           247.104661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           271.777587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           251.543051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           273.046569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           256.013056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           273.969240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.044329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.048801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.072051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.047282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.072721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.045072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.044942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.060036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.035249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.060581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.044989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.048609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.045226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.073024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.044998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.072746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.007751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.008076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.008205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.008522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.007844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.007950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.008883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.006867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.008967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.007541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.008294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.007676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.008333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.007813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.008361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        39252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        54795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        53836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        39609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        39453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        47135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        47291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        39474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        39442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        39282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        53642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        39382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        53830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  693722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           196370                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                196370                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1734                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        39426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        54873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        53907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        39659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        39527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        47287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        47443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        39550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        39615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        39365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        53723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        39457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        53905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   695456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39083                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        39426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        54873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        53907                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        39659                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        39527                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        47287                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        47443                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        39550                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        39615                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        39365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        53723                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        39457                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        53905                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  695456                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        23321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        23739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        37796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        24228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        22775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        22959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        23505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        23132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        22964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        38766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                450848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 121                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        23327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        23740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        37808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        24229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        22808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        22966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        23508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        23132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        22970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        38781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 450969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        23327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        23740                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        37808                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        24229                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        22808                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22907                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34778                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        22966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        23508                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        23132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        22970                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        38781                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                450969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5657163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3864080708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5843747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3986786392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6730914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6272217988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6484849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4069848399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6816155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6433349165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5965431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3773886461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5528057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3786443176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5988865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5832660227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6865347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2846769446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6144349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5790774735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5435522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3800940228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6268564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3947119792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5499069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3828778993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6297293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6473050970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5480618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3808282968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6035338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6431542143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75043573072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1029973                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       159450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1969754                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       160280                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3269482                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5400541                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1401207                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1077170                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       473783                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1323869                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1022702                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2547744                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19835955                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5657163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3865110681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5843747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3986945842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6730914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6274187742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6484849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4070008679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6816155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6436618647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5965431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3779287002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5528057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3787844383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5988865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5832660227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6865347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2846769446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6144349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5790774735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5435522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3802017398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6268564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3947593575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5499069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3828778993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6297293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6474374839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5480618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3809305670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6035338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6434089887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      75063409027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5657163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3865110681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5843747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3986945842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6730914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6274187742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6484849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4070008679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6816155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6436618647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5965431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3779287002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5528057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3787844383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5988865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5832660227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6865347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2846769446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6144349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5790774735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5435522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3802017398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6268564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3947593575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5499069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3828778993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6297293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6474374839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5480618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3809305670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6035338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6434089887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     75063409027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        92591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        63003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        92602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        46603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        81897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        62947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        92552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        92596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1144570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       196370                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            196370                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1855                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        63166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        92681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        63178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        92692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        82065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        46771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        63123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        92642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        92686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1146425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        63166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        92681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        63178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        92692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        82065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        46771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        62516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        63123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        62497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        92642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        92686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1146425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.374178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.408204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.384553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.418630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.367244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.424572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.366951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.422555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.373409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.370622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.420412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.368332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.393902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.071429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.133333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.211111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.397590                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.108434                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.084337                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.017045                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.074074                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.065229                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.373770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.407937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.383504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.418429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.423786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.365633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.421772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.372416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.370130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.420101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.367950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.393370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.373770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.407937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.383504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.418429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.423786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.365633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.421772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.372416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.370130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.420101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.367950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.393370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161633.228571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165691.038463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157939.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 167942.474072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164168.634146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165949.253572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166278.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167981.195270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158515.232558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165953.391245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161227.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 165703.027925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157944.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 165361.305616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157601.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 167711.203261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163460.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166468.010409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157547.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 167334.414119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159868.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165553.387691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164962.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167926.815231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157116.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165518.718356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165718.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166359.572603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156589.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165837.091447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158824.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 165906.777666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166449.830258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 171662.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       159450                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164146.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       160280                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       172078                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163652.757576                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 155689.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 153881.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 157927.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 147096.555556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 170450.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 169849.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163933.512397                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161633.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165692.574313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157939.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 167942.116344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164168.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165948.681284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166278.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167980.877420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158515.232558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165956.391569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161227.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 165700.061470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157944.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 165357.505697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157601.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 167711.203261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163460.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166468.010409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157547.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 167334.414119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159868.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165549.830097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164962.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167925.539178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157116.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165518.718356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165718.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166355.118040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156589.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165838.296474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158824.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 165908.302700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166449.155102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161633.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165692.574313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157939.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 167942.116344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164168.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 165948.681284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166278.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167980.877420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158515.232558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165956.391569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161227.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 165700.061470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157944.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 165357.505697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157601.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 167711.203261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163460.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166468.010409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157547.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 167334.414119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159868.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165549.830097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164962.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167925.539178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157116.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165518.718356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165718.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166355.118040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156589.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165838.296474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158824.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 165908.302700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166449.155102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                96871                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     96871                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        23321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        23739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        37796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        24228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        22775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        22959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        23505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        23132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        22964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        38766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           450848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        23327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        23740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        37808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        24229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        22808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        22966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        23508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        23132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        22970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        38781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            450969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        23327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        23740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        37808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        24229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        22808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        34778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        22966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        23508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        23132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        22970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        38781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           450969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3623671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2505731882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3692662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2604327733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4348590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4072393933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4214192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2658921590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4317769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4177277672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3813296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2447435004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3498269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2452828689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3780636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3807745950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4420815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1851008505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3876203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3775982811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3459497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2463818079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4056960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2578314968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3465394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2481594665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4088661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4208562827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3447005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2470815622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3825658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4175529879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48794219087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       681089                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       100955                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1270649                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       102480                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2163105                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3479876                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       877185                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       669201                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       299529                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       799840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       674292                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1673976                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12792177                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3623671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2506412971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3692662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2604428688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4348590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4073664582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4214192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2659024070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4317769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4179440777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3813296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2450914880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3498269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2453705874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3780636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3807745950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4420815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1851008505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3876203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3775982811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3459497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2464487280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4056960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2578614497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3465394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2481594665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4088661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4209362667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3447005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2471489914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3825658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4177203855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  48807011264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3623671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2506412971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3692662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2604428688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4348590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4073664582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4214192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2659024070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4317769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4179440777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3813296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2450914880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3498269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2453705874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3780636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3807745950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4420815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1851008505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3876203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3775982811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3459497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2464487280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4056960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2578614497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3465394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2481594665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4088661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4209362667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3447005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2471489914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3825658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4177203855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  48807011264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.374178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.376863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.408204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.384553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.418630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.367244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.424572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.366951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.422555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.373409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.370622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.420412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.368332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.393902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.071429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.133333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.211111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.397590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.108434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.084337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.017045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.074074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.373770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.407937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.383504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.418429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.423786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.365633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.421772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.372416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.370130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.420101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.367950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.393370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.373770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.407937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.383504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.418429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.366899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.423786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.365633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.421772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.372416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.370130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.420101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.367950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.393370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103533.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107445.301745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99801.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109706.716079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106063.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107746.690999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 108056.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109745.814347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 100413.232558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107756.221225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103062.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107461.471087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99950.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107119.778540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 99490.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109487.203117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 105257.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108239.781592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99389.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109113.529764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 101749.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107313.823729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 106762.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109692.191789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99011.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107279.727866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 107596.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108161.470753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98485.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107595.176015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 100675.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107711.135505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108227.648979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 113514.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       100955                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105887.416667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       102480                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 113847.631579                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105450.787879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        97465                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95600.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        99843                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 88871.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       112382                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111598.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105720.471074                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103533.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107446.862906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99801.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109706.347430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106063.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107746.100878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 108056.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109745.514466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 100413.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107759.205286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103062.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107458.561908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99950.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107115.985245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 99490.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109487.203117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 105257.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108239.781592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99389.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109113.529764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 101749.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107310.253418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 106762.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109690.934873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99011.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107279.727866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 107596.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108157.009867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98485.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107596.426382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 100675.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107712.639050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108226.976276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103533.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107446.862906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99801.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109706.347430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106063.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107746.100878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 108056.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109745.514466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 100413.232558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107759.205286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103062.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107458.561908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 99950.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107115.985245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 99490.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109487.203117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 105257.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108239.781592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 99389.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109113.529764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 101749.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107310.253418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 106762.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109690.934873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99011.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107279.727866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 107596.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108157.009867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98485.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107596.426382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 100675.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107712.639050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108226.976276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.980819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013977471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1801025.703375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.839883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   525.140936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.841572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13945202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13945202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13945202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13945202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13945202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13945202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7613259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7613259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7613259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7613259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7613259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7613259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13945244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13945244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13945244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13945244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13945244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13945244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181268.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181268.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181268.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181268.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 181268.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181268.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6583797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6583797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6583797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6583797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6583797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6583797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182883.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182883.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182883.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182883.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182883.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182883.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62410                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243206079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62666                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3880.989356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   201.119616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    54.880384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.785623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.214377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20496681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20496681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24443493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24443493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24443493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24443493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       217195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       217195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          411                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          411                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       217606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       217606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       217606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       217606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25480881801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25480881801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     36304444                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36304444                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25517186245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25517186245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25517186245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25517186245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20713876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20713876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24661099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24661099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24661099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24661099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117317.994434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117317.994434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 88331.980535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88331.980535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117263.247544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117263.247544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117263.247544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117263.247544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       155196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       155196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6746818248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6746818248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6301420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6301420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6753119668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6753119668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6753119668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6753119668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108250.461252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108250.461252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 75016.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75016.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108205.730941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108205.730941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108205.730941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108205.730941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              518.563770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1088403281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2093083.232692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    36.563770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.058596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13735454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13735454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13735454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13735454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13735454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13735454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7516387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7516387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7516387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7516387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7516387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7516387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13735499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13735499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13735499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13735499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13735499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13735499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167030.822222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167030.822222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167030.822222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167030.822222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167030.822222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167030.822222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6455785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6455785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6455785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6455785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6455785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6455785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169889.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169889.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169889.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169889.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169889.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169889.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                63166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              186282882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                63422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2937.196588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.253829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.746171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.915054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.084946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9690098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9690098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8200313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8200313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20341                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20341                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18872                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18872                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17890411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17890411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17890411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17890411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       216192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       220111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       220111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       220111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       220111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29174355402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29174355402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    502742596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    502742596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29677097998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29677097998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29677097998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29677097998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9906290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9906290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8204232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8204232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        20341                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20341                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18872                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18872                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18110522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18110522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18110522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18110522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 134946.507743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134946.507743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 128283.387599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128283.387599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 134827.873200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 134827.873200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 134827.873200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 134827.873200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           21255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       153201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       156945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       156945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156945                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        63166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        63166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6893857141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6893857141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11809201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11809201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6905666342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6905666342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6905666342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6905666342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109441.938388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109441.938388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 67481.148571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67481.148571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109325.686952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109325.686952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109325.686952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109325.686952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              580.766038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1121133106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1916466.847863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    40.356519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.409519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.064674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.866041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13605788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13605788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13605788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13605788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13605788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13605788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9117739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9117739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9117739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9117739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9117739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9117739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13605841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13605841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13605841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13605841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13605841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13605841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172032.811321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172032.811321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172032.811321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172032.811321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172032.811321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172032.811321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7369398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7369398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7369398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7369398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7369398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7369398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175461.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175461.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175461.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175461.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175461.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175461.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                92681                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              490455882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                92937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5277.294102                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.916951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.083049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     35687130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35687130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19544263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19544263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9547                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9547                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9536                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9536                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     55231393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       55231393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     55231393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      55231393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       328845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       328845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       329144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       329144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       329144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       329144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  40423653281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40423653281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     29899940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29899940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  40453553221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40453553221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  40453553221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40453553221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     36015975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36015975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19544562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19544562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         9547                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9547                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         9536                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9536                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     55560537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55560537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     55560537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55560537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122926.160595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122926.160595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99999.799331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99999.799331                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122905.333899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122905.333899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122905.333899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122905.333899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           16675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       236254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       236254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       236463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       236463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       236463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       236463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        92591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        92681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        92681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10510338388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10510338388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7800417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7800417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10518138805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10518138805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10518138805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10518138805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113513.607024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113513.607024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86671.300000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86671.300000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113487.541190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113487.541190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113487.541190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113487.541190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              520.560044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1088399635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2085056.772031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.560044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13731808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13731808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13731808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13731808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13731808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13731808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8064209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8064209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8064209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8064209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8064209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8064209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13731856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13731856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13731856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13731856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13731856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13731856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168004.354167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168004.354167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168004.354167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168004.354167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168004.354167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168004.354167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6974480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6974480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6974480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6974480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6974480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6974480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       174362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       174362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       174362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       174362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       174362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       174362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                63178                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              186268625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                63434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              2936.416196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   234.251980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    21.748020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.915047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.084953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9682720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9682720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8193651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8193651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20139                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20139                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18857                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18857                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17876371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       17876371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17876371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      17876371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       215694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3921                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3921                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       219615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       219615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       219615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       219615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28984060487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28984060487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    495996254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    495996254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  29480056741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29480056741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  29480056741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29480056741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9898414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9898414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8197572                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8197572                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        20139                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20139                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18857                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18857                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18095986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18095986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18095986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18095986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 134375.830978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134375.830978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 126497.386891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126497.386891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 134235.169460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 134235.169460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 134235.169460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 134235.169460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       130496                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       130496                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20684                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           20684                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       152691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       156437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       156437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        63003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        63178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        63178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6954440648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6954440648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11829326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11829326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6966269974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6966269974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6966269974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6966269974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110382.690475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110382.690475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67596.148571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67596.148571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110264.173826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110264.173826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110264.173826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110264.173826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              581.897496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1121123346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1909920.521295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    41.792187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   540.105309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.066975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.865553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13596028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13596028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13596028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13596028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13596028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13596028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8777115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8777115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8777115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8777115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8777115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8777115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13596082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13596082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13596082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13596082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13596082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13596082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162539.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162539.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162539.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162539.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162539.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162539.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7387677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7387677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7387677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7387677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7387677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7387677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167901.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167901.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167901.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167901.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167901.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167901.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                92692                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              490437529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                92948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5276.472103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.917202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.082798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     35675162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35675162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19537886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19537886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9543                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9543                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     55213048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       55213048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     55213048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      55213048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       328448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       328448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       328748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       328748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       328748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       328748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  40617418699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40617418699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34142559                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34142559                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  40651561258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40651561258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  40651561258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40651561258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     36003610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36003610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19538186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19538186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         9543                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9543                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     55541796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55541796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     55541796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55541796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123664.685731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123664.685731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 113808.530000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113808.530000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123655.691466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123655.691466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123655.691466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123655.691466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           15035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       235846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       235846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       236056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       236056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       236056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       236056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        92602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        92692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        92692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10630388438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10630388438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8689553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8689553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10639077991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10639077991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10639077991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10639077991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114796.531803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114796.531803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96550.588889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96550.588889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114778.815766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114778.815766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114778.815766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114778.815766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              560.965257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1013984065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  565                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1794662.061947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    36.842653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   524.122604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.059043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.839940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13951796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13951796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13951796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13951796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13951796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13951796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7901794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7901794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7901794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7901794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7901794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7901794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13951842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13951842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13951842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13951842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13951842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13951842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171778.130435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171778.130435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171778.130435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171778.130435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171778.130435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171778.130435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6753687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6753687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6753687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6753687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6753687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6753687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 177728.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177728.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 177728.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177728.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 177728.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177728.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                62467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              243221140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                62723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3877.702597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   200.341310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    55.658690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.782583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.217417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20509284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20509284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3949250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3949250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9264                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9264                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     24458534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       24458534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     24458534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      24458534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       217476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       217476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          403                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          403                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       217879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       217879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       217879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       217879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25277953648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25277953648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     55521616                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     55521616                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25333475264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25333475264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25333475264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25333475264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20726760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20726760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3949653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3949653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9264                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9264                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     24676413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24676413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     24676413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24676413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 116233.302286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116233.302286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 137770.759305                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137770.759305                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 116273.139054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116273.139054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 116273.139054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116273.139054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       155091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       155091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       155411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       155411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       155411                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       155411                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6690800903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6690800903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9342096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9342096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6700142999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6700142999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6700142999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6700142999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107250.154733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107250.154733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112555.373494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112555.373494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107257.203672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107257.203672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107257.203672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107257.203672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              559.386285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1013982761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1801035.099467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    34.245409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.140876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.054880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13950492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13950492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13950492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13950492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13950492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13950492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7890020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7890020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7890020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7890020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7890020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7890020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13950535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13950535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13950535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13950535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13950535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13950535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 183488.837209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183488.837209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 183488.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183488.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 183488.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183488.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6714533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6714533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6714533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6714533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6714533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6714533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 186514.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186514.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 186514.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186514.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 186514.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186514.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                62434                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              243215398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                62690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3879.652225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   199.378536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    56.621464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.778822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.221178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     20505117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20505117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3947687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     24452804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       24452804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     24452804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      24452804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       216653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       217058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       217058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       217058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       217058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25208704179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25208704179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     41276826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     41276826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25249981005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25249981005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25249981005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25249981005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     20721770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20721770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3948092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9322                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     24669862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24669862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     24669862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24669862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 116355.204770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116355.204770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101918.088889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101918.088889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 116328.267122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116328.267122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 116328.267122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116328.267122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       154302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       154624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       154624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6697782837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6697782837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6637926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6637926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6704420763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6704420763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6704420763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6704420763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107420.616141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107420.616141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 79975.012048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79975.012048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107384.129849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107384.129849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107384.129849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107384.129849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              528.094323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1093080209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2066314.194707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.094323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.061049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13893732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13893732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13893732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13893732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13893732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13893732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7839707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7839707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7839707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7839707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7839707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7839707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13893779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13893779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13893779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13893779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13893779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13893779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166802.276596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166802.276596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166802.276596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166802.276596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166802.276596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166802.276596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6505864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6505864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6505864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6505864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6505864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6505864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166817.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166817.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166817.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166817.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166817.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166817.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                82065                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              194780300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                82321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2366.107069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.381925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.618075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.915554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.084446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9635785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9635785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7983880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7983880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        22342                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22342                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18627                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18627                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17619665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17619665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17619665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17619665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       208905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       209824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       209824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       209824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       209824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  26247584255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26247584255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     80100369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80100369                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  26327684624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26327684624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  26327684624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26327684624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9844690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9844690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7984799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7984799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        22342                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22342                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17829489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17829489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17829489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17829489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 125643.638281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125643.638281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87160.357998                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87160.357998                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 125475.086854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125475.086854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 125475.086854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125475.086854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            9860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       126992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127759                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127759                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        81913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        82065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        82065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9381161735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9381161735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10369395                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10369395                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9391531130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9391531130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9391531130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9391531130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114525.920611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114525.920611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 68219.703947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68219.703947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114440.152684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114440.152684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114440.152684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114440.152684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.754544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1087091992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2094589.579961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    42.754544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.068517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13956455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13956455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13956455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13956455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13956455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13956455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9071915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9071915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9071915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9071915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9071915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9071915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13956508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13956508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13956508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13956508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13956508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13956508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171168.207547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171168.207547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171168.207547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171168.207547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171168.207547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171168.207547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7597172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7597172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7597172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7597172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7597172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7597172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       172663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       172663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       172663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                46771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              179946775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                47027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3826.456610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.498828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.501172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9618515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9618515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8097128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8097128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19497                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19497                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17715643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       17715643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17715643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      17715643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       149808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          977                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          977                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       150785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       150785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       150785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       150785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  18962000678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18962000678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     86155543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     86155543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19048156221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19048156221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19048156221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19048156221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9768323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9768323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8098105                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8098105                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        20766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19497                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19497                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17866428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17866428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17866428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17866428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126575.354307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126575.354307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 88183.769703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88183.769703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126326.598939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126326.598939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126326.598939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126326.598939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            9792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       103205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       104014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       104014                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104014                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        46603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        46771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        46771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5013822607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5013822607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11447430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11447430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5025270037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5025270037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5025270037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5025270037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107585.833680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107585.833680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 68139.464286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68139.464286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107444.143529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107444.143529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107444.143529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107444.143529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              529.085680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1093081603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2062418.118868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    39.085680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.062637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13895126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13895126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13895126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13895126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13895126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13895126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8598213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8598213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8598213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8598213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8598213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8598213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13895178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13895178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13895178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13895178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13895178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13895178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165350.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165350.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165350.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165350.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 165350.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165350.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6666117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6666117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6666117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6666117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6666117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6666117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166652.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166652.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166652.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166652.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166652.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166652.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                82049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              194782482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                82305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2366.593548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.380542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.619458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.915549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.084451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9637157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9637157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7984708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7984708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22321                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22321                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18630                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18630                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17621865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       17621865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17621865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      17621865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       208714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       209633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       209633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       209633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       209633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  26138872574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26138872574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     80108902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80108902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  26218981476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26218981476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  26218981476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26218981476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9845871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9845871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7985627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7985627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        22321                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22321                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18630                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18630                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17831498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17831498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17831498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17831498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125237.753931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125237.753931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 87169.643090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87169.643090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125070.868976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125070.868976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125070.868976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125070.868976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            9553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       126817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          767                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127584                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127584                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        81897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9347488560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9347488560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10362039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10362039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9357850599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9357850599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9357850599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9357850599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114137.130298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114137.130298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 68171.309211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68171.309211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114051.976246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114051.976246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114051.976246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114051.976246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.809664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1013981947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1804238.339858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.792694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.016970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13949678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13949678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13949678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13949678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13949678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13949678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7482219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7482219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7482219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7482219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7482219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7482219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13949721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13949721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13949721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13949721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13949721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13949721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174005.093023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174005.093023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174005.093023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174005.093023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174005.093023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174005.093023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6290115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6290115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6290115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6290115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6290115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6290115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179717.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179717.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179717.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179717.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179717.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179717.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                62516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              243216412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                62772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3874.600331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   199.378354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    56.621646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.778822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.221178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20506139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20506139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3947684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     24453823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       24453823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     24453823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      24453823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       216853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          404                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          404                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       217257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       217257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       217257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       217257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25268379729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25268379729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     39833429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39833429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25308213158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25308213158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25308213158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25308213158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20722992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20722992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3948088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     24671080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24671080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     24671080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24671080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116523.081207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116523.081207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98597.596535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98597.596535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116489.747893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116489.747893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116489.747893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116489.747893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       154420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       154741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       154741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        62516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6709453318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6709453318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6319427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6319427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6715772745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6715772745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6715772745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6715772745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107466.457130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107466.457130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 76137.674699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76137.674699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107424.863155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107424.863155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107424.863155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107424.863155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              519.341120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1088413292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2089085.013436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    37.341120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.059842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13745465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13745465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13745465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13745465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13745465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13745465                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8202373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8202373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8202373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8202373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8202373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8202373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13745515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13745515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13745515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13745515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13745515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13745515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164047.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164047.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164047.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164047.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164047.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164047.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6771789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6771789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6771789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6771789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6771789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6771789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173635.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173635.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173635.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173635.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173635.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173635.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                63123                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              186287570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                63379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              2939.263321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.253213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.746787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.915052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.084948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9692110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9692110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8203266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8203266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20057                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20057                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18879                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17895376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17895376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17895376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17895376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       214534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       214534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       218461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       218461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       218461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       218461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28744495749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28744495749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    492609135                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    492609135                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29237104884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29237104884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29237104884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29237104884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      9906644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9906644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8207193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8207193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        20057                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20057                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18879                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18113837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18113837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18113837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18113837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 133985.735357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133985.735357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125441.592819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125441.592819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 133832.147999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133832.147999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 133832.147999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133832.147999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        95888                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        95888                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           21620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       151587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       151587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       155338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       155338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       155338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       155338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        62947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        63123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        63123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6863639510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6863639510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12056291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12056291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6875695801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6875695801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6875695801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6875695801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109038.389598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109038.389598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 68501.653409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68501.653409                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108925.364780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108925.364780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108925.364780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108925.364780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              560.017905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1013979076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1801028.554174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.912322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.105583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.055949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13946807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13946807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13946807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13946807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13946807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13946807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7508756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7508756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7508756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7508756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7508756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7508756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13946849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13946849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13946849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13946849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13946849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13946849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 178779.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178779.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 178779.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178779.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 178779.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178779.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6444507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6444507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6444507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6444507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6444507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6444507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179014.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179014.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179014.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179014.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179014.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179014.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                62497                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              243210607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                62753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3875.680955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   201.119592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    54.880408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.785623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.214377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20500322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20500322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3947675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24447997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       24447997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     24447997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      24447997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       216648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          399                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          399                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       217047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       217047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       217047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       217047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25315600847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25315600847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     35152325                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35152325                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25350753172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25350753172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25350753172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25350753172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20716970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20716970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3948074                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948074                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9336                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9336                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24665044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24665044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     24665044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24665044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 116851.301868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116851.301868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 88101.065163                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88101.065163                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 116798.449976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116798.449976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 116798.449976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116798.449976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       154234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       154550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       154550                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154550                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        62497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6728727699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6728727699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5669504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5669504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6734397203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6734397203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6734397203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6734397203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107807.986974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107807.986974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 68307.277108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68307.277108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107755.527513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107755.527513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107755.527513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107755.527513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              579.162209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1121122142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1926326.704467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    38.136956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.025253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.061117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13594824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13594824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13594824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13594824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13594824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13594824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8604461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8604461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8604461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8604461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8604461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8604461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13594875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13594875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13594875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13594875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13594875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13594875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168714.921569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168714.921569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168714.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168714.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168714.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168714.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6900137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6900137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6900137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6900137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6900137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6900137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176926.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176926.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176926.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176926.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 176926.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176926.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                92642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              490428787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                92898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5279.217927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.916596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.083404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     35670037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35670037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19534275                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19534275                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9539                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9539                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9530                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9530                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     55204312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       55204312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     55204312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      55204312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       327918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       328214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       328214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       328214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       328214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  40582932634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40582932634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     27873992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27873992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  40610806626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40610806626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  40610806626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40610806626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     35997955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35997955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19534571                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19534571                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9539                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9539                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     55532526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55532526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     55532526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55532526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123759.393001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123759.393001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94168.891892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94168.891892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123732.706789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123732.706789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123732.706789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123732.706789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           14631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       235366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       235366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       235572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       235572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       235572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       235572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        92552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        92642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        92642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10657588614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10657588614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7147017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7147017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10664735631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10664735631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10664735631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10664735631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115152.439861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115152.439861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 79411.300000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79411.300000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115117.718000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115117.718000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115117.718000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115117.718000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              559.771087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1013979702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1801029.666075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.003327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.767760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.054493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13947433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13947433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13947433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13947433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13947433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13947433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7615428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7615428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7615428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7615428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7615428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7615428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13947478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13947478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13947478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13947478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13947478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13947478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169231.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169231.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169231.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169231.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169231.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169231.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6290938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6290938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6290938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6290938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6290938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6290938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174748.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174748.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174748.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174748.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174748.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174748.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                62427                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              243217490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                62683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3880.118852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   200.515208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    55.484792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.783263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.216737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20507130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20507130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3947770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     24454900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       24454900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     24454900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      24454900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       216643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          383                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       217026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       217026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       217026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       217026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25270524784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25270524784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     39594619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39594619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25310119403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25310119403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25310119403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25310119403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20723773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20723773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3948153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9316                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9316                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     24671926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24671926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     24671926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24671926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116645.932636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116645.932636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103380.206266                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103380.206266                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116622.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116622.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116622.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116622.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       154297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       154599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       154599                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154599                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6713234301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6713234301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6347842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6347842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6719582143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6719582143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6719582143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6719582143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107677.065104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107677.065104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 78368.419753                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78368.419753                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107639.036683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107639.036683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107639.036683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107639.036683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              579.196662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1121124340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1926330.481100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.103923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.092739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.061064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13597022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13597022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13597022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13597022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13597022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13597022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8255018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8255018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8255018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8255018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8255018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8255018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13597071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13597071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13597071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13597071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13597071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13597071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168469.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168469.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168469.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168469.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168469.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168469.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6637974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6637974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6637974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6637974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6637974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6637974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170204.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170204.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170204.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170204.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170204.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170204.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                92686                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              490441612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                92942                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5276.856663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.916432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.083568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     35677497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35677497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19539069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19539069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        10106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     55216566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       55216566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     55216566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      55216566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       328594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       328594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       328894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       328894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       328894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       328894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  40536245185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40536245185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     30553301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30553301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  40566798486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40566798486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  40566798486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40566798486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     36006091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36006091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19539369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19539369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        10106                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        10106                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     55545460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55545460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     55545460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55545460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123362.706516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123362.706516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101844.336667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101844.336667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123343.078579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123343.078579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123343.078579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123343.078579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           14784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       235998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       235998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       236208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       236208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       236208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       236208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        92596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        92686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        92686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10620274859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10620274859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8032418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8032418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10628307277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10628307277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10628307277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10628307277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114694.747710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114694.747710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89249.088889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89249.088889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114670.039456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114670.039456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114670.039456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114670.039456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
