
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.009430                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9429871617                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               522039074505                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 391401                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   506073                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 240594                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67623720                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39194.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15340585716                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19835048376                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       419584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       169984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       246144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       242432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       341504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       242048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       340096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       409856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       137600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       133888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       233216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       167296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       135296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       242560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       344064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       243328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4118912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       951680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            951680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 32179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            7435                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 7435                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       475086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     44495198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       529382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     18026120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       380069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     26102582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       380069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     25708940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       488660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     36215127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       393643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     25668218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       502234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36065814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       475086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     43463582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       475086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     14591927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       475086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     14198284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       488660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24731620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       529382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     17741069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       502234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14347597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       407217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     25722514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       502234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     36486605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       420790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     25803957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               436794070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       475086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       529382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       380069                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       380069                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       488660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       393643                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       502234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       475086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       475086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       475086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       488660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       529382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       502234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       407217                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       502234                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       420790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7424916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         100921841                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              100921841                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         100921841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       475086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     44495198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       529382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     18026120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       380069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     26102582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       380069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     25708940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       488660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     36215127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       393643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     25668218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       502234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36065814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       475086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     43463582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       475086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     14591927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       475086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     14198284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       488660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24731620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       529382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     17741069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       502234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14347597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       407217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     25722514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       502234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     36486605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       420790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     25803957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              537715910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1758968                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1586980                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94160                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       654459                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627305                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96949                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4144                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18634325                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11061548                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1758968                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       724254                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2186566                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        296444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       442545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1071511                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94474                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     21463401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       19276835     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77607      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160268      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          66326      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         362829      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         322981      1.50%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62748      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         131571      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1002236      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     21463401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077784                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489155                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18525473                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       552805                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2178247                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7143                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       199727                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154424                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12970323                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1445                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       199727                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18545491                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        394593                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        97213                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2166854                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        59517                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12962475                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        21804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          499                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15226362                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61049616                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61049616                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1753625                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1512                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          151227                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3055533                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        13953                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        74993                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12935232                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1516                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12426161                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6966                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1016678                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2446929                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21463401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17048392     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1322841      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084957      5.05%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       467682      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594969      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575023      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327624      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25679      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16234      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21463401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31555     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244711     86.35%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7143      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7798788     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108401      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977700     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540528     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12426161                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.549499                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283409                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022807                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46606098                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13953764                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12317907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12709570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22063                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       121190                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          340                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10077                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       199727                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        361744                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16719                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12936761                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3055533                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11300                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          340                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54273                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56111                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110384                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12337757                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2967263                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4507649                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1616099                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540386                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.545590                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12318381                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12317907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6653231                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13116730                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.544712                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507232                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1186602                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        95990                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21263674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17002162     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1555816      7.32%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729889      3.43%     90.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720281      3.39%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195929      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       838024      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62867      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45672      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       113034      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21263674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934343                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551996                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449671                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       113034                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           34088667                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26075863                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                410237                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1150201                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751451                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.261360                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.261360                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.442212                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.442212                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60987519                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14309834                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15436248                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1865070                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1526364                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183970                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       765248                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732186                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191882                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8367                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17945150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10429873                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1865070                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       924068                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2175550                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        503516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       420599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1099764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184040                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     20858464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       18682914     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         100614      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         161013      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         217248      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         224203      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         190345      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         105574      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         158665      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1017888      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     20858464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082476                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461221                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       17762803                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       604743                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2171420                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2556                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       316939                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       306486                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12798517                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1339                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       316939                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       17811623                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        129014                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       364075                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2125841                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       110969                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12793444                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        14895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        48491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17851435                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     59513436                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     59513436                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15441196                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2410236                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3161                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1640                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          333871                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1198956                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       647808                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7654                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       214805                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12777628                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12119614                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1800                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1436664                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3457055                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          110                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20858464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15684190     75.19%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2163830     10.37%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084649      5.20%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       789565      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       624723      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255981      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160541      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        84132      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10853      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20858464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2579     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7733     37.98%     50.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10048     49.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10193760     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180974      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1518      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1097783      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645579      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12119614                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.535944                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20360                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001680                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45119852                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14217524                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11937126                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12139974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24243                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       195894                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9710                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       316939                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        103755                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11313                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12780826                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1198956                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       647808                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1643                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9618                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106333                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104076                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       210409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11952288                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1032904                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167326                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1678424                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1697601                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           645520                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.528544                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11937250                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11937126                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6854328                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        18471868                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.527874                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371068                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9001217                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11075655                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1705182                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3062                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       186083                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20541525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15959069     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2291085     11.15%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846645      4.12%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       404828      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       365031      1.78%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196958      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       156537      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78316      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243056      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20541525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9001217                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11075655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1641156                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1003060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1528                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1597089                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         9979023                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       228040                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       243056                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           33079241                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          25878635                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                273996                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1755138                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9001217                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11075655                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9001217                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.512283                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.512283                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.398044                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.398044                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       53789474                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16630098                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      11861379                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3058                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1704654                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1530239                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135964                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1154372                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1136414                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97336                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4025                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18153597                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              9699627                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1704654                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1233750                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2163987                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        451734                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       269644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1098505                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       133095                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     20902267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       18738280     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         338463      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         161165      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         334291      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          98192      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         311260      1.49%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          46404      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          74109      0.35%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         800103      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     20902267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075382                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.428929                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       17882365                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       545258                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2159577                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1746                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       313317                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       153348                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1722                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     10790918                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4215                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       313317                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       17912749                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        349412                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       105566                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2132314                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        88905                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     10773650                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        74161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     14057788                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     48730445                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     48730445                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     11341304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2716478                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1384                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          705                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          181250                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1999988                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       300948                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1698                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        68443                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         10717989                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1389                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        10019361                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6516                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1979964                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4058756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20902267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16499066     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1366890      6.54%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1502381      7.19%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       864330      4.14%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431379      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       108028      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124772      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2937      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2484      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20902267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16044     56.80%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6794     24.05%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5408     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7821194     78.06%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74811      0.75%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          679      0.01%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1824593     18.21%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       298084      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     10019361                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.443068                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28246                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002819                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40975751                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12699374                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9763033                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     10047607                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7355                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       413363                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8124                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       313317                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        224422                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10829                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10719384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1999988                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300948                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          703                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3597                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          241                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91460                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52409                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       143869                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9896245                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1799708                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       123116                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2097773                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1509262                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           298065                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.437624                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              9765557                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             9763033                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         5920939                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        12663618                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.431733                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.467555                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7793829                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      8725155                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1994687                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       134948                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20588950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17366081     84.35%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1248783      6.07%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       819577      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254696      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       433437      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80992      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51197      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46256      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287931      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20588950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      7793829                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      8725155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1879449                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1586625                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1343533                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         7609615                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       104250                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       287931                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           31020835                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          21753265                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                408933                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1711335                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           7793829                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             8725155                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      7793829                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.901475                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.901475                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.344652                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.344652                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       46084575                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      12669405                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      11548751                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1704915                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1530123                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135906                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1151558                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1136231                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97124                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4001                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18150236                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              9701727                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1704915                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1233355                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2163634                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        451935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       275763                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1098352                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       133094                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     20904926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       18741292     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         338660      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         160476      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         333970      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          98304      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         311116      1.49%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          46177      0.22%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          74493      0.36%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         800438      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     20904926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075393                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.429022                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       17874642                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       555706                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2159239                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1762                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       313573                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       153783                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         1720                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     10792671                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         4215                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       313573                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       17905558                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        353726                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       110515                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2131560                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        89990                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     10775203                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         8230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        75360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     14057422                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     48733874                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     48733874                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     11338969                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2718439                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1378                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          700                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          183067                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1999771                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       300867                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2460                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        68104                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         10718605                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        10017789                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6477                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1982082                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4067926                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20904926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16501816     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1367827      6.54%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1501024      7.18%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       864348      4.13%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       432231      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107987      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124285      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2963      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2445      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20904926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16118     56.84%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6801     23.98%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5440     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7819865     78.06%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74826      0.75%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          679      0.01%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1824351     18.21%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       298068      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     10017789                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.442998                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28359                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40975340                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12702106                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9761853                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     10046148                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7377                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       413301                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8127                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       313573                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        226287                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11106                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10719997                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          376                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1999771                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300867                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          699                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3707                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          236                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91381                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52472                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       143853                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9894987                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1799412                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       122802                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2097456                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1509192                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           298044                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.437568                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              9764343                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             9761853                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         5919153                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        12659053                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.431681                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.467583                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7792498                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      8723514                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1996953                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1370                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       134895                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20591353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17369031     84.35%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1248230      6.06%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       819314      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254571      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434392      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80704      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51438      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46157      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287516      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20591353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      7792498                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      8723514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1879210                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1586470                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1343286                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         7608155                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       104221                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       287516                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           31024278                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          21754766                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                408927                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1708676                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           7792498                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             8723514                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      7792498                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.901971                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.901971                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.344593                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.344593                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       46077812                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      12665987                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      11550653                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1836375                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1502000                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180708                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       753221                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         721734                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         188341                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8024                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17799278                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10420290                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1836375                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       910075                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2182260                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        526316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       316517                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1096092                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181981                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     20639714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       18457454     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         118213      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         185638      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         297429      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         123292      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         137841      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         146533      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          95759      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1077555      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     20639714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081207                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460797                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       17635605                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       481810                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2175199                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         5710                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       341387                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       300740                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12723857                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1628                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       341387                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       17663264                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        152134                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       249826                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2153800                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        79300                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12715607                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents         2534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        21598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        30081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4464                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     17649590                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     59148813                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     59148813                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15033971                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2615614                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1757                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          237885                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1213041                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       651372                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19290                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       147663                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12696429                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3218                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12006122                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1632178                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3641941                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          284                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20639714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15581896     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2027129      9.82%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1110431      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756320      3.66%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       709184      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203995      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159859      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53894      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37006      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20639714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2869     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9128     39.77%     52.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10953     47.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10057720     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189923      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1453      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1109675      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       647351      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12006122                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.530925                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22950                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001912                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44690175                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14331973                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11809228                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12029072                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36511                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       220607                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           28                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       341387                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        104723                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10579                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12699671                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2531                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1213041                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       651372                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1753                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7769                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104771                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104098                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       208869                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11832586                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1043650                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       173536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1690650                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1664127                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           647000                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523251                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             11809459                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            11809228                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6906148                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        18049093                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522218                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382631                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8831556                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     10825211                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1874484                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2934                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       184275                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20298327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15902496     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2129781     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       830043      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444522      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       334120      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186215      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       116208      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102561      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       252381      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20298327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      8831556                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     10825211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1623295                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              992431                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1464                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1553847                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         9754359                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       219905                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       252381                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           32745576                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          25740817                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                289297                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1973888                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           8831556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            10825211                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      8831556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.560546                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.560546                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.390542                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.390542                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       53354810                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16369739                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      11865738                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         2930                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1704704                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1530255                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135746                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1154554                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1136634                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97039                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3988                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18150830                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              9699539                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1704704                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1233673                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2163930                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        451146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       275311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1098210                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       132950                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     20904744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       18740814     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         338786      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         161049      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         334295      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          98143      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         311118      1.49%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          46238      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          74339      0.36%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         799962      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     20904744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.428925                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       17877395                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       553086                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2159535                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1774                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       312950                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       153529                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1724                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     10789918                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4211                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       312950                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       17907921                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        350486                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       111590                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2132142                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        89651                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     10772782                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         8345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        74829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     14056680                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     48724690                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     48724690                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     11342220                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2714455                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1377                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          698                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          181939                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1999074                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       300847                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2618                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        68472                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         10716823                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        10018302                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6445                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1978366                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4054942                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20904744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16501996     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1366772      6.54%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1501944      7.18%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       864581      4.14%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431433      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107924      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124618      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2969      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2507      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20904744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16085     56.90%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6780     23.98%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5404     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7820687     78.06%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74848      0.75%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          679      0.01%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1824038     18.21%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       298050      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     10018302                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.443021                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28269                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002822                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40976062                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12696601                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9762949                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     10046571                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7517                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       412400                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7996                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       312950                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        223968                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10906                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10718213                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          842                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1999074                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300847                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          698                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3592                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          252                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91387                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52219                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       143606                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9895876                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1799411                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       122426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2097435                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1509477                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           298024                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.437607                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              9765380                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             9762949                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         5920527                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        12660721                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.431729                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.467630                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7794354                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      8725787                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1992894                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1371                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       134727                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20591794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17368428     84.35%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1248761      6.06%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       819846      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254617      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434159      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80636      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51431      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46247      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287669      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20591794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      7794354                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      8725787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1879522                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1586671                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1343633                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         7610171                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       104260                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       287669                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           31022780                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          21750577                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                408621                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1708858                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           7794354                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             8725787                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      7794354                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.901280                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.901280                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.344675                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.344675                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       46083235                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      12668475                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      11548600                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1834127                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1500420                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       181436                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       751230                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         721127                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         188111                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8032                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17802008                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10411488                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1834127                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       909238                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2181162                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        528509                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       314887                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1096664                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       182630                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     20641190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       18460028     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         118551      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         186108      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         297613      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         122828      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         136870      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         146341      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          95716      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1077135      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     20641190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081107                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460408                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17637971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       480601                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2174063                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         5691                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       342861                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       300103                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12713763                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1622                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       342861                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17666127                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        153544                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       246825                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2152153                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        79677                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12705392                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        21495                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        30413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4109                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17637597                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     59103630                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     59103630                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15013285                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2624268                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3220                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          239644                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1213142                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       649982                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19240                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       148304                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12685690                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3231                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11992027                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15038                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1638556                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3657919                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          300                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20641190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15588023     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2026854      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1108387      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756038      3.66%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       707868      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203185      0.98%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160037      0.78%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53718      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37080      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20641190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2858     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9117     39.82%     52.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10921     47.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10046243     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189726      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1451      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1108489      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       646118      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11992027                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530301                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22896                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001909                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44663170                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14327621                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11794529                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12014923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35899                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       222079                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           24                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          148                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19992                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          771                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       342861                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        104996                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10538                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12688940                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3594                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1213142                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       649982                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1767                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7694                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          148                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105189                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104148                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       209337                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11817668                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1042273                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       174351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1688077                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1661678                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           645804                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522591                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11794710                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11794529                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6898286                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        18031215                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521568                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382575                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8819397                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     10810298                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1878653                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2931                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       184999                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20298328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15907684     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2127664     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828985      4.08%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       443490      2.18%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       333810      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186498      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       116123      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102866      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251208      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20298328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8819397                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     10810298                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1621049                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              991059                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1462                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1551699                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9740928                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       219602                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       251208                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           32736006                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          25720820                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                289832                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1972412                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8819397                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            10810298                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8819397                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.564076                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.564076                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390004                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390004                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       53289242                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16350561                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      11854851                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         2928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1760065                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1587693                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94104                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       660394                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627525                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96910                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4165                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18645306                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11067477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1760065                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       724435                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2188093                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        295755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       440324                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           32                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1071982                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94370                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     21473088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       19284995     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          77591      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         160681      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          66595      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         363089      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         323694      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          62224      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         131170      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1003049      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     21473088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077832                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.489417                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       18537099                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       549961                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2179784                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7147                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       199091                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       154777                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12977069                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1477                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       199091                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       18556975                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        392329                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        96958                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2168571                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        59158                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12969309                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        24865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        21583                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          339                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     15233592                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     61079105                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     61079105                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     13485085                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1748484                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1512                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          150673                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3057404                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1545706                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        13931                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        73369                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12942456                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1516                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12436015                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1013585                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2433614                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21473088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17055314     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1322291      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1086614      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468571      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594663      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575999      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327617      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25718      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16301      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21473088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31411     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244982     86.39%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7170      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7804712     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108470      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2980173     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1541916     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12436015                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.549935                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283563                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022802                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46635408                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13957894                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12327590                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12719578                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22141                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120490                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          339                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10060                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1103                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       199091                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        359761                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16540                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12943980                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          156                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3057404                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1545706                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11155                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          339                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53956                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56191                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       110147                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12347448                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2969986                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            4511742                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1618007                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1541756                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.546019                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12328065                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12327590                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6658087                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        13119611                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.545140                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507491                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10009077                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11762126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1183025                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        95931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21273997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376558                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17008885     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1556264      7.32%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730789      3.44%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       721641      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195840      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       839069      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62907      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45602      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       113000      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21273997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10009077                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11762126                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              4472545                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             2936904                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1553435                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10459163                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       113918                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       113000                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           34106122                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          26089452                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                410158                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1140514                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10009077                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11762126                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10009077                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.259309                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.259309                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.442613                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.442613                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       61033984                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      14320282                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15446156                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2048137                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1705620                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       188171                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       776864                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         746745                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219624                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8771                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17801971                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11235477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2048137                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       966369                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2340778                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        525031                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       607139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1107676                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179891                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     21085045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       18744267     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         142881      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         180358      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         288381      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         120890      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         154826      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         180809      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          82893      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1189740      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     21085045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090571                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.496846                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       17696964                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       722510                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2329549                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1143                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       334871                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       311226                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13733016                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1648                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       334871                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       17715426                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         57980                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       613927                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2312215                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        50619                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13648037                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         7245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        35223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19059571                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     63460926                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     63460926                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15904878                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3154693                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3275                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1698                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          179284                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1279940                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       666893                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7505                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       152014                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13318986                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3288                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12763263                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13531                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1643396                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3360554                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          105                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21085045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15677554     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2466880     11.70%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1007325      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       564767      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       765735      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236339      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       232237      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124289      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9919      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21085045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88427     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12025     10.75%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11419     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10753589     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174295      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1577      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1169252      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664550      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12763263                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.564406                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111871                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008765                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46736973                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14965743                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12429138                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12875134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9482                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246180                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           74                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9875                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       334871                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         44416                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5637                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13322277                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1279940                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       666893                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1698                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4893                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           74                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110551                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106374                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       216925                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12539679                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1150015                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223584                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1814431                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1772554                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           664416                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.554519                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12429257                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12429138                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7447189                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20011640                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.549631                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372143                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9253361                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11402293                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1920012                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       189538                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20750174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15922073     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2447626     11.80%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       888817      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       442766      2.13%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404108      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169782      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168343      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79937      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226722      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20750174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9253361                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11402293                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1690778                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1033760                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1652563                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10265953                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       235478                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       226722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           33845692                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          26979489                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                272910                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1528557                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9253361                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11402293                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9253361                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.443826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.443826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.409194                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.409194                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       56421583                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17367967                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12697858                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2048292                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1705332                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187974                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774998                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         746063                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         220135                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8759                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17812947                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11239890                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2048292                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       966198                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2341185                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        524637                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       603337                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1107983                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179644                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     21092425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       18751240     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         142809      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         179580      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         288356      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         121020      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         154536      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         181504      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          83468      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1189912      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     21092425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090578                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497041                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       17708156                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       718524                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2329877                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1187                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       334673                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       311642                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          283                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13739512                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1621                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       334673                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       17726634                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         57623                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       610449                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2312542                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        50497                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13654293                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         7343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        34966                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19068973                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     63492326                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     63492326                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15914599                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3154369                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3270                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1691                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          178291                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1280849                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       667860                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7560                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       152131                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13328915                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3282                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12774238                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13871                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1642082                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3363416                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           99                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21092425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15681198     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2467371     11.70%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1008578      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       565536      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       766110      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       237364      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231921      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124459      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9888      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21092425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88459     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12143     10.84%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11412     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10760861     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174298      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1578      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1171887      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665614      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12774238                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.564892                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            112014                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008769                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46766786                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14974355                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12438785                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12886252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9564                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246415                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           79                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10410                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       334673                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         43834                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5552                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13332202                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1280849                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       667860                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1692                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4843                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           79                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110566                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106196                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       216762                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12550444                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1151931                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1817446                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1773813                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           665515                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.554995                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12438884                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12438785                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7451698                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20026659                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.550058                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372089                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9259039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11409399                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1922853                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       189346                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20757752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15927482     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2448559     11.80%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889155      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       442713      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404500      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169806      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168496      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79943      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227098      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20757752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9259039                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11409399                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1691881                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1034431                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1653622                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10272367                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       235644                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       227098                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           33862841                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          26999191                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                272555                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1521177                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9259039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11409399                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9259039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.442327                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.442327                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.409446                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.409446                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       56468352                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      17381463                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12703985                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1835622                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1504687                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182661                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774974                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         717113                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187735                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8066                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17563718                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10436682                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1835622                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       904848                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2296563                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        517417                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       584525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1083967                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181198                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     20776627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       18480064     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         248572      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         287371      1.38%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         158107      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         183808      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         100797      0.49%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          68088      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         177253      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1072567      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     20776627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081173                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461522                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       17423157                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       728186                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2278877                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        16500                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       329904                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       298175                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1917                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12742525                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         9997                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       329904                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       17449657                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        219399                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       434241                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2269819                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        73604                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12733457                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        18534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        34941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17691844                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     59291056                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     59291056                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15089482                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2602351                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1902                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          200812                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1219642                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       662567                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17401                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       146150                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12712907                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3379                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12010371                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16734                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1601523                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3697267                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20776627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15715677     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2035201      9.80%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1094148      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       758096      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       660808      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       339124      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        80872      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53106      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39595      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20776627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3058     11.56%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11647     44.03%     55.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11745     44.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10052998     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187532      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1468      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1110969      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657404      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12010371                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.531113                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26450                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002202                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44840553                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14317938                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11808929                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12036821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30105                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219695                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           75                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15562                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          733                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       329904                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        177365                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12042                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12716303                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4076                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1219642                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662567                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1900                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8551                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          132                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105411                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102805                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       208216                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11831775                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1043296                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178596                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1700493                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1655129                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           657197                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11809211                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11808929                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7018941                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        18390173                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522205                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8861840                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     10871589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1844833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2962                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       183596                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20446723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16005420     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2059474     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       864063      4.23%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517685      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       358788      1.75%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231970      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120956      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96740      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191627      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20446723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8861840                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     10871589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1646943                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              999938                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1555816                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9801135                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       221093                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       191627                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           32971453                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          25762775                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                271725                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1836975                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8861840                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            10871589                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8861840                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.551795                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.551795                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391881                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391881                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       53370843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16390209                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      11890054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         2958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1865600                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1526888                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184000                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       762649                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732111                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191700                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8336                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17952287                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10433634                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1865600                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       923811                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2176477                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        504144                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       417693                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1100073                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184051                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     20864219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       18687742     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         100860      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         160511      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         217507      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         224834      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         189649      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         105902      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         158619      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1018595      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     20864219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082499                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       17769893                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       601884                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2172343                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2561                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       317535                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       306489                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          229                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12804807                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1342                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       317535                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       17818716                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        127487                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       362495                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2126728                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       111255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12799771                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        15121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        48508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17859174                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     59543561                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     59543561                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15442840                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2416334                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3144                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1624                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          334340                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1200492                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       647872                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7575                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       239350                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12783890                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3155                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12124183                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1441786                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3467827                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           93                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20864219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15669438     75.10%     75.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2187342     10.48%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1091815      5.23%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       782256      3.75%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       621691      2.98%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       256143      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160535      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        84238      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10761      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20864219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2505     12.26%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7870     38.53%     50.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10050     49.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10197853     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       181072      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1518      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1098078      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645662      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12124183                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536146                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20425                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001685                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45134817                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14228895                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11940962                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12144608                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24397                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       197334                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9720                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       317535                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        102137                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11291                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12787070                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           81                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1200492                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       647872                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1626                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106326                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104161                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       210487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11956083                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1032974                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1678572                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1697793                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           645598                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.528712                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11941084                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11940962                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6856014                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        18482658                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.528043                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.370943                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9002149                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11076794                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1710289                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3062                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       186112                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20546684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15947383     77.62%     77.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2307036     11.23%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846167      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       403946      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       375235      1.83%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       197030      0.96%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       150604      0.73%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78392      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       240891      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20546684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9002149                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11076794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1641310                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1003158                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1528                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1597254                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         9980044                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       228062                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       240891                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           33092811                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          25891719                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                273807                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1749383                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9002149                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11076794                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9002149                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.512023                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.512023                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.398086                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.398086                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       53805016                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16635381                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      11865292                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3058                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2048103                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1705590                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       188094                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774343                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         745391                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         220260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8742                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17804836                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11237180                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2048103                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       965651                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2340402                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        525916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       607191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1107679                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179803                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     21088526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       18748124     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         142990      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         179898      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         287658      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         120851      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         154286      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         180989      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          83157      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1190573      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     21088526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090570                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496921                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       17699383                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       722991                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2329156                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       335818                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       311228                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13736747                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1583                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       335818                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       17717831                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         58284                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       614027                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2311842                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        50717                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13651884                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         7281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        35253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19064961                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     63483309                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     63483309                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15903486                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3161467                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3274                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1696                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          179088                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1281094                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       667361                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7508                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       151543                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13325751                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3287                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12769293                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1648018                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3374717                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          104                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21088526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15681114     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2464853     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1006757      4.77%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       566547      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       765648      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       237077      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       232385      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124162      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9983      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21088526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88636     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12105     10.79%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11425     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10756854     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174232      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1577      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1171634      9.18%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664996      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12769293                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.564673                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            112166                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008784                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46753124                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14977134                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12432945                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12881459                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9400                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247425                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10391                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       335818                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         44469                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5637                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13329043                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1281094                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       667361                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1697                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4898                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110716                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106442                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       217158                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12544758                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1151426                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       224535                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1816323                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1772421                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           664897                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.554744                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12433061                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12432945                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7449430                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20022790                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.549799                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372048                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9252573                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11401301                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1927781                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       189485                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20752708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15926155     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2446355     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       888395      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       442457      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404084      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       170152      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168563      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        80065      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226482      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20752708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9252573                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11401301                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1690635                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1033665                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1652411                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10265064                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       235456                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       226482                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           33855243                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          26994004                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                272614                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1525076                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9252573                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11401301                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9252573                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.444034                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.444034                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.409160                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.409160                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       56444979                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      17374524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12700207                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1705272                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1530813                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135718                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1153632                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1136056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97354                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3993                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18153210                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              9705489                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1705272                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1233410                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2165224                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        451017                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       274985                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1098201                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       132870                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     20907990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       18742766     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         338719      1.62%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         161170      0.77%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         334360      1.60%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          98229      0.47%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         311075      1.49%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          46245      0.22%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          74118      0.35%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         801308      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     20907990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075409                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.429188                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       17878911                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       553675                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2160750                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1800                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       312850                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       153451                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         1721                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     10799274                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         4205                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       312850                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       17909535                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        352041                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       110500                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2133487                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        89573                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     10781903                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         8287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        74933                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     14069406                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     48772980                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     48772980                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     11355125                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2714259                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1384                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          705                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          182776                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      2000733                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       301479                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2585                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        67293                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         10726271                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1389                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        10027231                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6412                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1978762                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4060146                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20907990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16502162     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1368123      6.54%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1501593      7.18%     92.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       865298      4.14%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       432069      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       108596      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124736      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2948      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2465      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20907990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16042     56.69%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6815     24.08%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5439     19.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7828044     78.07%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        75029      0.75%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          680      0.01%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1824785     18.20%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       298693      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     10027231                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.443416                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28296                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002822                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40997159                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12706453                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9771298                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     10055527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7719                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       413205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8083                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       312850                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        225098                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11032                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10727669                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1347                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2000733                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       301479                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          704                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3675                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          235                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91097                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52374                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       143471                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9904077                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1799883                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       123153                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2098549                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1510381                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           298666                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.437970                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              9773813                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             9771298                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         5926850                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        12683477                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.432098                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.467289                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7801849                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      8735109                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1993035                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1371                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       134702                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20595140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.424134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17368472     84.33%     84.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1249910      6.07%     90.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       820493      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       255450      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434388      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80650      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51526      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46103      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       288148      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20595140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      7801849                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      8735109                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1880924                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1587528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1344993                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         7618561                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       104459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       288148                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           31035110                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          21769412                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                408397                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1705612                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           7801849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             8735109                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      7801849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.898493                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.898493                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.345007                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.345007                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       46120882                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      12680042                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      11555621                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1836108                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1501883                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       181186                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       751516                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         720940                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187709                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7973                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17797956                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10421554                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1836108                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       908649                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2182127                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        528420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       312880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1096311                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       182360                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     20636264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       18454137     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         118274      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         185048      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         297239      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         123234      0.60%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         137759      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         146640      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          95954      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1077979      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     20636264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081195                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460853                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17634367                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       478218                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2174802                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         5852                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       343022                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       300599                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12725977                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1677                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       343022                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17662333                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        150530                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       246521                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2153253                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        80602                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12717136                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         1934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        30437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5151                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     17650388                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     59155139                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     59155139                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15021859                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2628422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1783                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          240109                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1213550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       650680                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19282                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       148419                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12697333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3249                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12000177                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15123                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1641375                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3670961                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          318                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20636264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15582086     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2025549      9.82%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1108846      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       755647      3.66%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       709686      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203593      0.99%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159751      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54068      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37038      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20636264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2854     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9086     39.73%     52.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10928     47.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10054334     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189780      1.58%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1452      0.01%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1107961      9.23%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       646650      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12000177                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530662                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22868                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001906                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44674605                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14342103                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11803986                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12023045                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36222                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       221906                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20324                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          772                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       343022                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        102528                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10424                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12700600                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1229                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1213550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       650680                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1785                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7609                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104605                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104602                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       209207                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11826970                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1042133                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       173203                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1688456                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1662916                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           646323                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523002                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11804229                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11803986                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6901915                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        18044384                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521986                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382497                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8824386                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     10816496                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1884050                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2931                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       184733                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20293242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15901164     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2127776     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829133      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444277      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       333948      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186080      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       116431      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102619      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251814      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20293242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8824386                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     10816496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1621981                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              991632                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1462                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1552627                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9746490                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       219732                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       251814                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           32741909                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          25744225                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                289527                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1977338                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8824386                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            10816496                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8824386                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.562626                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.562626                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390225                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390225                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       53328669                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16361689                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      11865349                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         2928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               22613602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1706306                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1531418                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135899                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1154751                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1136680                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97280                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3972                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18157605                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              9708125                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1706306                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1233960                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2165919                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        451643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       267135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1098687                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       133036                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     20905675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.754232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       18739756     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         339366      1.62%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         161171      0.77%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         334273      1.60%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          98291      0.47%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         310955      1.49%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          46139      0.22%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          74114      0.35%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         801610      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     20905675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075455                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.429305                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       17877815                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       551269                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2161512                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1786                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       313289                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       153926                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1727                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     10801320                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4254                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       313289                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       17909012                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        353345                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       105461                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2133821                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        90743                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     10784050                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        76130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     14071849                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     48777558                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     48777558                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     11355109                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2716740                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1378                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          699                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          183794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2000360                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       301576                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1708                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        68590                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         10727518                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        10027081                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6456                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1979476                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4063295                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20905675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16499225     78.92%     78.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1368537      6.55%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1502065      7.18%     92.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       865421      4.14%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       432153      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       108073      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124746      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2942      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2513      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20905675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16169     56.94%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6799     23.94%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5429     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7828232     78.07%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74989      0.75%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          680      0.01%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1824475     18.20%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       298705      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     10027081                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.443409                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28397                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40994690                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12708404                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9771581                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     10055478                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7695                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       412833                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8181                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       313289                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        224061                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11189                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10728904                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          866                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2000360                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       301576                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          696                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3639                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          245                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91101                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52586                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       143687                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9904296                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1799868                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       122785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2098545                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1510728                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           298677                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.437980                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              9774023                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             9771581                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         5926342                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        12676184                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.432111                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.467518                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7801841                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      8735101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1994290                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1370                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       134876                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20592386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.424191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17365544     84.33%     84.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1250344      6.07%     90.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       820567      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       255062      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434245      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80966      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51248      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46141      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       288269      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20592386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      7801841                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      8735101                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1880922                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1587527                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1344992                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         7618554                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       104459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       288269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           31033482                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          21772331                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                408811                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1707927                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           7801841                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             8735101                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      7801841                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.898496                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.898496                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.345007                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.345007                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       46120103                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      12680697                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      11558294                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          32182                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.231407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1234756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          64947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          19.011748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           257.722797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.026113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1456.984635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.102975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   585.474457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.389290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   870.017451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    17.153063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   871.909779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.054508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1099.062559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.794365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   863.993791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    21.555088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1100.144222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.690104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1429.797910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.657900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   474.915943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.497155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   471.608413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.781404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   814.540684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    27.105361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   579.459425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    26.482022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   472.844185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.302127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   867.553409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.387646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1117.748390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    20.614486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   872.604590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1383.466490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           923.573621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1216.549198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1213.701589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1299.702463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1243.964640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1286.248661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1421.123893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           786.664531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           808.641985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1104.623656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           946.588111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           792.143343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1272.799619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1272.315848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1225.147514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.044464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.017867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.026551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.026609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.033541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.026367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.033574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.043634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.014493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.014392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.024858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.017684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.014430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.026476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.034111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.026630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.042220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.028185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.037126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.037039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.039664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.037963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.039253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.043369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.024007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.024678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.033710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.028888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.024174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.038843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.038828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.037389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   49681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            13294                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 13294                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   172                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    49853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2436                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3084                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3112                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3771                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3089                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3756                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4095                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3120                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2456                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2326                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3736                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3113                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   49853                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 32179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  32179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3278                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1328                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1894                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2668                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3202                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1075                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1046                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1822                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1307                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1057                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1895                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1901                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 32179                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5258228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    497629983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6090086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    200544748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4288057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    289211680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4136210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    283770394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5298200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    402431092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4306302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    285417502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5709665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    400298479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5233654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    485776255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5468338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    163303646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5435272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    158100539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5332567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    274396715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5913627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    195912974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5784668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    161072798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4643222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    284240256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5362688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    406459540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4722994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    284940317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4856490696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5258228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    497629983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6090086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    200544748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4288057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    289211680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4136210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    283770394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5298200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    402431092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4306302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    285417502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5709665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    400298479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5233654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    485776255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5468338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    163303646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5435272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    158100539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5332567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    274396715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5913627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    195912974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5784668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    161072798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4643222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    284240256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5362688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    406459540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4722994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    284940317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4856490696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5258228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    497629983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6090086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    200544748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4288057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    289211680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4136210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    283770394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5298200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    402431092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4306302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    285417502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5709665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    400298479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5233654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    485776255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5468338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    163303646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5435272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    158100539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5332567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    274396715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5913627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    195912974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5784668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    161072798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4643222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    284240256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5362688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    406459540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4722994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    284940317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4856490696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               81860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13294                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             13294                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                82032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               82032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.384523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.378800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.415318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.415286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.439172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.320608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.312519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.313650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.379607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.419410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.379593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.393098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.384062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.378346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.379719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.414315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.438810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.319275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.311310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.368677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.312445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.379152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.379138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.392274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.384062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.378346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.379719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.414315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.438810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.319275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.311310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.368677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.312445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.379152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.379138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.392274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150235.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151809.024710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156156.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151012.611446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153144.892857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150396.089444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 147721.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 149825.973601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 147172.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150836.241379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148493.172414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150934.691698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154315.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150658.065111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149532.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151710.260775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156238.228571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151910.368372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155293.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151147.742830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148126.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150601.929199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151631.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149895.159908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156342.378378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152386.753075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154774.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149994.858047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 144937.513514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151212.626488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152354.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149889.698580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150921.119239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150235.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151809.024710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156156.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151012.611446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153144.892857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150396.089444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 147721.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 149825.973601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 147172.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150836.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148493.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150934.691698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154315.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150658.065111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149532.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151710.260775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156238.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151910.368372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155293.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151147.742830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148126.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150601.929199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151631.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149895.159908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156342.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152386.753075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154774.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149994.858047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 144937.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151212.626488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152354.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149889.698580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150921.119239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150235.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151809.024710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156156.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151012.611446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153144.892857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150396.089444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 147721.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 149825.973601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 147172.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150836.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148493.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150934.691698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154315.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150658.065111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149532.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151710.260775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156238.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151910.368372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155293.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151147.742830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148126.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150601.929199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151631.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149895.159908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156342.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152386.753075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154774.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149994.858047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 144937.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151212.626488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152354.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149889.698580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150921.119239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 7435                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      7435                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            32179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             32179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            32179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3222916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    306797232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3823720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    123213905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2661328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    177218007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2506315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    173456478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3200535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    247075610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2621450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    175262808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3555320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    245572523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3195063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    299359625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3436874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    100708038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3400373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     97178941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3236235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    168300774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3647666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    119819188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3635160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     99524353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2898334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    173852395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3206470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    249967575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2918931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    174214161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2982688303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3222916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    306797232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3823720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    123213905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2661328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    177218007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2506315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    173456478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3200535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    247075610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2621450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    175262808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3555320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    245572523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3195063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    299359625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3436874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    100708038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3400373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     97178941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3236235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    168300774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3647666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    119819188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3635160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     99524353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2898334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    173852395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3206470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    249967575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2918931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    174214161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2982688303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3222916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    306797232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3823720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    123213905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2661328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    177218007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2506315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    173456478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3200535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    247075610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2621450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    175262808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3555320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    245572523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3195063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    299359625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3436874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    100708038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3400373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     97178941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3236235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    168300774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3647666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    119819188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3635160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     99524353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2898334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    173852395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3206470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    249967575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2918931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    174214161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2982688303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.384523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.378800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.415318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.380177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.415286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.439172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.320608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.312519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.313650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.379607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.419410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.379593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.393098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.384062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.378346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.379719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.414315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.438810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.319275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.311310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.368677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.312445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.379152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.379138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.392274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.384062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.378346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.414350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.379719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.414315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.438810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.319275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.311310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.368677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.312445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.379152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.418431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.379138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.392274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92083.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93592.810250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98044.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92781.554970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95047.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92157.049922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 89511.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91582.089757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 88903.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92607.050225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90394.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92682.606029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96089.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92424.735792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91287.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93491.450656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98196.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93681.895814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97153.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92905.297323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 89895.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92371.445664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93529.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91674.971691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98247.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94157.382214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96611.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91742.688654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 86661.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92993.889509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94159.064516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91643.430300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92690.521862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92083.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93592.810250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98044.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92781.554970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95047.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92157.049922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 89511.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91582.089757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 88903.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92607.050225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90394.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92682.606029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96089.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92424.735792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91287.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93491.450656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98196.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93681.895814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97153.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92905.297323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 89895.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92371.445664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93529.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91674.971691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98247.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94157.382214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96611.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91742.688654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 86661.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92993.889509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94159.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91643.430300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92690.521862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92083.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93592.810250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98044.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92781.554970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95047.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92157.049922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 89511.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91582.089757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 88903.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92607.050225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90394.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92682.606029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96089.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92424.735792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91287.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93491.450656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98196.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93681.895814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97153.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92905.297323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 89895.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92371.445664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93529.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91674.971691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98247.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94157.382214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96611.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91742.688654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 86661.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92993.889509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94159.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91643.430300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92690.521862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              572.241837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001079353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1728979.884283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.093422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   542.148415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.868828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1071463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1071463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1071463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1071463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1071463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7562306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7562306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7562306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7562306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7562306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7562306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1071511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1071511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1071511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157548.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157548.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157548.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157548.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157548.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157548.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5997445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5997445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5997445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5997445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5997445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5997445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166595.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166595.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166595.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166595.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166595.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166595.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7307                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51977.190665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.798488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.201512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.432807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.567193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2799988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        26111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        26111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3140206320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3140206320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1471991                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1471991                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3141678311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3141678311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3141678311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3141678311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4358877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4358877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120346.695282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120346.695282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 81777.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81777.277778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120320.106890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120320.106890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120320.106890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120320.106890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    812390418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    812390418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       393602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       393602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    812784020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    812784020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    812784020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    812784020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111271.116012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111271.116012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65600.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65600.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111233.614342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111233.614342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111233.614342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111233.614342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              510.641908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              971550078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1882848.988372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    35.641908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.057118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1099716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1099716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1099716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1099716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1099716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1099716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8351458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8351458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8351458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8351458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8351458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8351458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1099764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1099764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1099764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1099764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1099764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1099764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173988.708333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173988.708333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173988.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173988.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173988.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173988.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7135061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7135061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7135061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7135061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7135061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7135061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174025.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174025.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174025.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174025.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174025.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174025.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3764                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148005329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4020                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             36817.246020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   222.498158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    33.501842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.869133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.130867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       755795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        755795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       635069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       635069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1390864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1390864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1390864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1390864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        11961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        11961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1433205401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1433205401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7121153                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7121153                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1440326554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1440326554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1440326554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1440326554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       767670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       767670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       635155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       635155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1619                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1529                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1529                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1402825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1402825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1402825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1402825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120690.981137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120690.981137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 82804.104651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82804.104651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120418.573196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120418.573196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120418.573196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120418.573196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          795                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             795                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    376997914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376997914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       992080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       992080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    377989994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    377989994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    377989994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    377989994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100559.592958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100559.592958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66138.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66138.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100422.421360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100422.421360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100422.421360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100422.421360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              549.762871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              888914316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1598766.755396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.434444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.328427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.037555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1098469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1098469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1098469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1098469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1098469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6344034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6344034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6344034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6344034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6344034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6344034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1098505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1098505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1098505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176223.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176223.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176223.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176223.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176223.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176223.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5161433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5161433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5161433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5161433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5161433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5161433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177980.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177980.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177980.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177980.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177980.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177980.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5007                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              199356394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             37878.851226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.274036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.725964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.719820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.280180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1652455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1652455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       291411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          692                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          692                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          686                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1943866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1943866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1943866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1943866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        17847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        17847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1962664522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1962664522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3154272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3154272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1965818794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1965818794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1965818794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1965818794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1670272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1670272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       291441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          692                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          692                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1961713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1961713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1961713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1961713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110156.845821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110156.845821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105142.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105142.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110148.416765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110148.416765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110148.416765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110148.416765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12840                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12840                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    517969340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    517969340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       560035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       560035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    518529375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    518529375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    518529375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    518529375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103573.153369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103573.153369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93339.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93339.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103560.889754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103560.889754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103560.889754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103560.889754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              548.135636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              888914165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1598766.483813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    21.807045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.328591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.034947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1098318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1098318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1098318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1098318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1098318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5509992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5509992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5509992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5509992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5509992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5509992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1098352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1098352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1098352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162058.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162058.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162058.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162058.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162058.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162058.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4802331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4802331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4802331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4802331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4802331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4802331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165597.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165597.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165597.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165597.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165597.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165597.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5006                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              199356093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             37885.992588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   184.286886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    71.713114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.719871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.280129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1652242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1652242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       291329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          688                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          688                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1943571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1943571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1943571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1943571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        17823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        17823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1951476447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1951476447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2597706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2597706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1954074153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1954074153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1954074153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1954074153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1670035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1670035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       291359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          688                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1961394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1961394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1961394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1961394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109676.639521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109676.639521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86590.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86590.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109637.780003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109637.780003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109637.780003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109637.780003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          547                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             547                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    514731051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    514731051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       399778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       399778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    515130829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    515130829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    515130829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    515130829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102946.210200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102946.210200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66629.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66629.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102902.682581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102902.682581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102902.682581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102902.682581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              519.222753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              977199561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1854268.616698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    29.222753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.046831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1096046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1096046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1096046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1096046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1096046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1096046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6782763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6782763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6782763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6782763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6782763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6782763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1096092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1096092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1096092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1096092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1096092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1096092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 147451.369565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147451.369565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 147451.369565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147451.369565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 147451.369565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147451.369565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5699696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5699696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5699696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5699696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5699696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5699696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154045.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154045.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154045.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154045.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154045.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154045.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 6439                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              162701519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 6695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             24301.944586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   228.064244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    27.935756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.890876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.109124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       758902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        758902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       627814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       627814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1465                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1465                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1386716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1386716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1386716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1386716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        16482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        16569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        16569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        16569                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        16569                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1960684576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1960684576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7174440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7174440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1967859016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1967859016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1967859016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1967859016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       775384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       775384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       627901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       627901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1465                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1465                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1403285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1403285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1403285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1403285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118959.141852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118959.141852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82464.827586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82464.827586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118767.518619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118767.518619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118767.518619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118767.518619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    683637800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    683637800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       986408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       986408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    684624208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    684624208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    684624208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    684624208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106419.333748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106419.333748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 65760.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65760.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106324.616866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106324.616866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106324.616866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106324.616866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              549.578450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              888914022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1595895.910233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.250000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.328450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.037260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1098175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1098175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1098175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1098175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1098175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5883295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5883295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5883295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5883295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5883295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5883295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1098210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1098210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1098210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168094.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168094.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168094.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168094.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168094.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168094.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5100351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5100351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5100351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5100351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5100351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5100351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170011.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170011.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170011.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170011.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170011.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170011.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4980                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              199356079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             38074.117456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   184.277182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    71.722818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.719833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.280167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1652118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1652118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       291439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          685                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          685                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1943557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1943557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1943557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1943557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        17816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        17816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1959812066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1959812066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3289239                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3289239                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1963101305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1963101305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1963101305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1963101305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1669904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1669904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       291469                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291469                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1961373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1961373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1961373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1961373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110188.466547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110188.466547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109641.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109641.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110187.545184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110187.545184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110187.545184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110187.545184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    514164409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    514164409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       527673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       527673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    514692082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    514692082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    514692082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    514692082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103370.407921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103370.407921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87945.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87945.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103351.823695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103351.823695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103351.823695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103351.823695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              520.097901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              977200130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1850757.821970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.097901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.048234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1096615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1096615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1096615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1096615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1096615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1096615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7605906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7605906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7605906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7605906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7605906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7605906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1096664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1096664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1096664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1096664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1096664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1096664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155222.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155222.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155222.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155222.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155222.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155222.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6186100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6186100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6186100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6186100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6186100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6186100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162792.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162792.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162792.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162792.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162792.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162792.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6413                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              162700344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             24396.512821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.993176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.006824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.890598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.109402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       758581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        758581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       626943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       626943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1385524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1385524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1385524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1385524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        16442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        16442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1945217269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1945217269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7213662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7213662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1952430931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1952430931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1952430931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1952430931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       774936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       774936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       627030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       627030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1401966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1401966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1401966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1401966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118937.161052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118937.161052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82915.655172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82915.655172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118746.559482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118746.559482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118746.559482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118746.559482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         9957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    680386119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    680386119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       991786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       991786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    681377905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    681377905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    681377905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    681377905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106343.563457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106343.563457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66119.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66119.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106249.478403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106249.478403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106249.478403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106249.478403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              572.251034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001079828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1728980.704663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.953960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.297073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.049606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1071938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1071938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1071938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1071938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1071938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7241917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7241917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7241917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7241917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7241917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7241917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1071982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1071982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1071982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164589.022727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164589.022727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164589.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164589.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164589.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164589.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6104502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6104502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6104502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6104502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6104502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6104502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169569.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169569.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169569.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169569.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169569.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169569.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 7297                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              393107374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 7553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             52046.521117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   110.791118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   145.208882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.432778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.567222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2802546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2802546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1534103                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1534103                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4336649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4336649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4336649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4336649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        26073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        26092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        26092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        26092                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        26092                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3123933456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3123933456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1525883                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1525883                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3125459339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3125459339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3125459339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3125459339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2828619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2828619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1534122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1534122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4362741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4362741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4362741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4362741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119814.883443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119814.883443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 80309.631579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80309.631579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119786.116013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119786.116013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119786.116013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119786.116013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18795                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18795                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    803902942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    803902942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       398045                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       398045                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    804300987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    804300987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    804300987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    804300987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110259.627212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110259.627212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 66340.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66340.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110223.514732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110223.514732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110223.514732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110223.514732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              487.582672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              974691190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1981079.654472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    32.582672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.052216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1107629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1107629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1107629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1107629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1107629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1107629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8007561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8007561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8007561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8007561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8007561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8007561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1107676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1107676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1107676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1107676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1107676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1107676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170373.638298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170373.638298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170373.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170373.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170373.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170373.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6427037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6427037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6427037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6427037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173703.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173703.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173703.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173703.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173703.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173703.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 3367                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              144281649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 3623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             39823.805962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   219.183865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    36.816135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.856187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.143813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       880680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        880680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       653714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       653714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1534394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1534394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1534394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1534394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         8693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         8693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    916737756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    916737756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6702303                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6702303                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    923440059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    923440059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    923440059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    923440059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       889281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       889281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       653806                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       653806                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1543087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1543087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1543087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1543087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106585.019881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106585.019881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 72851.119565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72851.119565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106228.006327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106228.006327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106228.006327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106228.006327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         9630                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         9630                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    328719290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328719290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1074476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1074476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    329793766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329793766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    329793766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329793766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98037.366537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98037.366537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 76748.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76748.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 97948.846451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97948.846451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 97948.846451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97948.846451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              488.797747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              974691499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1981080.282520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    33.797747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.054163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1107938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1107938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1107938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1107938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1107938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1107938                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7720168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7720168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7720168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7720168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7720168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7720168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1107983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1107983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1107983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1107983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1107983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1107983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171559.288889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171559.288889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171559.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171559.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171559.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171559.288889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6392798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6392798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6392798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6392798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6392798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6392798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172778.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172778.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172778.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172778.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172778.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172778.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3360                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              144283771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 3616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             39901.485343                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   219.003832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    36.996168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.855484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.144516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       882352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        882352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       654174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       654174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1661                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1661                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1536526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1536526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1536526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1536526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         8673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         8673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    905489080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    905489080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5304965                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5304965                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    910794045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    910794045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    910794045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    910794045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       890962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       890962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       654237                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       654237                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1661                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1661                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1545199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1545199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1545199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1545199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105167.140534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105167.140534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84205.793651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84205.793651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105014.878935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105014.878935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105014.878935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105014.878935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    323935452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323935452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1035932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1035932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    324971384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    324971384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    324971384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    324971384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96783.821930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96783.821930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 79687.076923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79687.076923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96717.673810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96717.673810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96717.673810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96717.673810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              512.641646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              972763263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1874303.011561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.954784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   481.686862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.049607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.771934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1083922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1083922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1083922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1083922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1083922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1083922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7194326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7194326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7194326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7194326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7194326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7194326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1083967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1083967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1083967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1083967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1083967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1083967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159873.911111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159873.911111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159873.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159873.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159873.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159873.911111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6012452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6012452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6012452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6012452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6012452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6012452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162498.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162498.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162498.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162498.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162498.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162498.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4942                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              153804349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             29589.139861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   226.487140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    29.512860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.884715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.115285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       762011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        762011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       643415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1550                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1550                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1405426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1405426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1405426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1405426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        17498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        17498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2171483349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2171483349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     47403117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47403117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2218886466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2218886466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2218886466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2218886466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       779089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       779089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       643835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1550                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1550                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1422924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1422924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1422924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1422924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000652                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000652                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 127150.916325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127150.916325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112864.564286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112864.564286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 126808.004686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126808.004686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 126808.004686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126808.004686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    503239391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    503239391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1015832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1015832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    504255223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    504255223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    504255223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    504255223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102139.109194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102139.109194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 67722.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67722.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102034.646499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102034.646499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102034.646499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102034.646499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              509.836763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              971550389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1882849.591085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    34.836763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.055828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1100027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1100027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1100027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1100027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1100027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1100027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7994443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7994443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7994443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7994443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7994443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7994443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1100073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1100073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1100073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1100073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1100073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1100073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173792.239130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173792.239130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173792.239130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173792.239130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173792.239130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173792.239130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7073082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7073082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7073082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7073082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7073082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7073082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172514.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172514.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172514.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172514.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172514.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172514.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148005237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             36826.383926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   222.509633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    33.490367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.869178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.130822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       755660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        755660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       635127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       635127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1604                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1604                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1529                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1390787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1390787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1390787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1390787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        11991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11991                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        11991                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1424117818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1424117818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7059860                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7059860                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1431177678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1431177678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1431177678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1431177678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       767567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       767567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       635211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       635211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1604                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1604                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1529                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1529                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1402778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1402778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1402778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1402778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119603.411271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119603.411271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84045.952381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84045.952381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119354.322242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119354.322242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119354.322242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119354.322242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8228                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8228                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    373225375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    373225375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1006763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1006763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    374232138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    374232138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    374232138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    374232138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99579.875934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99579.875934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 67117.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67117.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99450.475153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99450.475153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99450.475153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99450.475153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              488.882340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              974691190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1973059.089069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    33.882340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.054299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1107629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1107629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1107629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1107629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1107629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1107629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8743216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8743216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8743216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8743216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8743216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8743216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1107679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1107679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1107679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1107679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1107679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1107679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174864.320000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174864.320000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174864.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174864.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 174864.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174864.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7061976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7061976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7061976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7061976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7061976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7061976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 181076.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181076.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 181076.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181076.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 181076.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181076.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3383                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              144283110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 3639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             39649.109646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   219.048829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    36.951171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.855659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.144341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       882160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        882160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       653702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       653702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1535862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1535862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1535862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1535862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           56                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           56                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         8701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         8701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    916704874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    916704874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5488006                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5488006                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    922192880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    922192880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    922192880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    922192880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       890805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       890805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       653758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       653758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1664                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1664                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1544563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1544563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106038.736148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106038.736148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98000.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98000.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105986.999195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105986.999195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105986.999195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105986.999195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          709                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             709                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    328394910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328394910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1085180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1085180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    329480090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329480090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    329480090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329480090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97446.560831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97446.560831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83475.384615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83475.384615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97392.873189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97392.873189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97392.873189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97392.873189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              549.676695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              888914012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1593035.863799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.348225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   526.328470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.037417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.843475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1098165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1098165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1098165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1098165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1098165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6414430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6414430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6414430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6414430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6414430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6414430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1098201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1098201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1098201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 178178.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178178.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 178178.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178178.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 178178.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178178.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5676633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5676633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5676633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5676633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5676633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5676633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 183117.193548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183117.193548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 183117.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183117.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 183117.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183117.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              199356612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             37943.778455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   184.414856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    71.585144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.720371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.279629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1652100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1652100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       291983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          694                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          694                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          685                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          685                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1944083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1944083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1944083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1944083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        17819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        17819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1945273535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1945273535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2639699                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2639699                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1947913234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1947913234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1947913234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1947913234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1669889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1669889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       292013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       292013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          694                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          694                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1961902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1961902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1961902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1961902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109352.607510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109352.607510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 87989.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87989.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109316.641450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109316.641450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109316.641450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109316.641450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12821                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12821                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    513688381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513688381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       432606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       432606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    514120987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    514120987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    514120987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    514120987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102902.319912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102902.319912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        72101                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72101                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102865.343537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102865.343537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102865.343537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102865.343537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              520.764173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              977199777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1850757.153409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    30.764173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.049302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1096262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1096262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1096262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1096262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1096262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1096262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6982352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6982352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6982352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6982352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6982352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6982352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1096311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1096311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1096311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1096311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1096311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1096311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 142496.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142496.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 142496.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142496.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 142496.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142496.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5850236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5850236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5850236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5850236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5850236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5850236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153953.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153953.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153953.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153953.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153953.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153953.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6423                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              162700123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             24359.952538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   228.205871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    27.794129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.891429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.108571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       757995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        757995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       627297                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       627297                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1385292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1385292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1385292                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1385292                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        16391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        16391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1945410784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1945410784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7771211                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7771211                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1953181995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1953181995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1953181995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1953181995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       774295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       774295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       627388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       627388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1401683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1401683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1401683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1401683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119350.354847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119350.354847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85397.923077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85397.923077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119161.856812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119161.856812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119161.856812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119161.856812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    684845604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    684845604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1031826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1031826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    685877430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    685877430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    685877430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    685877430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106856.858168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106856.858168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 68788.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68788.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106767.968555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106767.968555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106767.968555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106767.968555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              551.052462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              888914497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1590186.935599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.724212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.328250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.039622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1098650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1098650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1098650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1098650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1098650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6312572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6312572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6312572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6312572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6312572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6312572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1098687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1098687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1098687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170610.054054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170610.054054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170610.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170610.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170610.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170610.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5466910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5466910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5466910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5466910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5466910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5466910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170840.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170840.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170840.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170840.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170840.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170840.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5014                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              199356740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             37828.603416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   184.274766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    71.725234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.719823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.280177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1652236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1652236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       291983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1944219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1944219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1944219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1944219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        17751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        17751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1941548347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1941548347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2793474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2793474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1944341821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1944341821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1944341821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1944341821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1669957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1669957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       292013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       292013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          687                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1961970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1961970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1961970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1961970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109562.008182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109562.008182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93115.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93115.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109534.213340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109534.213340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109534.213340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109534.213340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12737                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12737                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    513613712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513613712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       425416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       425416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    514039128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    514039128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    514039128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    514039128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102558.648562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102558.648562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 70902.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70902.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102520.767451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102520.767451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102520.767451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102520.767451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
