
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093878                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93877577445                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               606486780333                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 321118                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   405896                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1779284                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67606016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 52761.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16942631412                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21415638479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      3523200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1628544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2270592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1639424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1309056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1303680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3309184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1652992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1640192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2170112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2251776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      3352704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3340544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1294592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2224512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3319040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             36310912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10905728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10905728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        27525                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        12723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        17739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        12808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        10227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        10185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        25853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        12914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        12814                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        16954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        17592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        26193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        26098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        10114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        17379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        25930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                283679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           85201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                85201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        55903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     37529729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        57266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17347529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        51812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24186734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        57266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17463425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        51812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13944288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        54539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13887022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        53176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     35249994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        57266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     17607953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        57266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     17471606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23116404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        54539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23986303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        53176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     35713576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        53176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     35584046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        51812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13790215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23695882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        51812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     35354981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               386790041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        55903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        57266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        51812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        57266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        51812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        54539                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        53176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        57266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        57266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        54539                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        53176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        53176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        51812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        51812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             860355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         116169679                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              116169679                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         116169679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        55903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     37529729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        57266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17347529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        51812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24186734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        57266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17463425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        51812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13944288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        54539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13887022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        53176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     35249994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        57266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     17607953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        57266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     17471606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        50449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23116404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        54539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23986303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        53176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     35713576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        53176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     35584046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        51812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13790215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        49085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23695882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        51812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     35354981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              502959719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              225126086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17535411                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15822974                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       918467                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6642041                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6271409                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         969456                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40621                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    185884524                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110313326                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17535411                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7240865                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21814245                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2881945                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4376333                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10669276                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       923049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    214015645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      192201400     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         779191      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1594396      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         667399      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3627934      1.70%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3225665      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         625483      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1307185      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9986992      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    214015645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077892                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.490007                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184845418                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5426776                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21734785                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        68608                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1940052                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1539187                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          491                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129348800                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2723                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1940052                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      185032881                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3887221                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       952728                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21628885                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       573872                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129282075                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           86                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       244321                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       208503                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3575                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151781151                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    608936320                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    608936320                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722847                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17058287                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        14996                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7563                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1450146                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30510138                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15437112                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140291                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       747064                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129033890                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15042                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124110883                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        63822                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9882800                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23624243                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    214015645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169940958     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13176056      6.16%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10842119      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4680757      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5935979      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5754768      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3266130      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       257242      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161636      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    214015645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        314060     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2449338     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        70990      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77850706     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1084318      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29764516     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15403911     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124110883                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.551295                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2834388                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465135621                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138934884                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123053407                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126945271                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223781                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1162095                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          480                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91776                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11001                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1940052                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       3561895                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       163379                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129049006                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30510138                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15437112                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7564                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111439                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       534787                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       542663                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1077450                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123242610                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29663931                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       868273                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  74                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45066560                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16147534                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15402629                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.547438                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123057358                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123053407                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66452596                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       130897639                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.546598                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11545202                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       938620                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    212075593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.554125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    169480134     79.91%     79.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15529469      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7291011      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7214279      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1958878      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8392806      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       626645      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456340      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1126031      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    212075593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693368                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518718                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1126031                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          340010833                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260063407                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4077213                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              11110441                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516368                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.251261                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.251261                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.444196                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.444196                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609300504                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142895479                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154059206                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              225126086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18567348                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15191399                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1810103                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7643526                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7305991                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1918430                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82628                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178779148                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            103848026                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18567348                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9224421                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21668510                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4940677                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      4193809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10934788                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1812107                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    207748437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      186079927     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1004598      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1601133      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2173126      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2233600      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1893431      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1064913      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1577555      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10120154      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    207748437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082475                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461288                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      176959527                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      6028615                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21630187                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        23493                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3106612                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3057104                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    127426680                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1885                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3106612                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      177441665                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1253323                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      3662688                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        21177782                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1106364                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    127386646                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       149836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       482987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    177748262                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    592627615                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    592627615                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    154167438                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       23580780                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        31621                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16462                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         3296119                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     11915874                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6463664                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76040                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1565421                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        127245997                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       120851702                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16575                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14037255                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33625874                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1163                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207748437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156587579     75.37%     75.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21058566     10.14%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10651989      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8028579      3.86%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6312167      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2561701      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1600051      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       836498      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       111307      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207748437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23221     11.58%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73833     36.82%     48.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103469     51.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101639465     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1806564      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15153      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10947216      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6443304      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    120851702                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.536818                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200523                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    449668938                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141315475                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119053190                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    121052225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       246212                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1900804                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          497                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92477                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3106612                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1002793                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107453                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127277857                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11915874                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6463664                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16467                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90854                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          497                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1052405                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1018385                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2070790                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119196798                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10302235                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1654903                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           16745295                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16936490                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6443060                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.529467                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            119053400                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           119053190                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        68340155                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       184137719                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.528829                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371136                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89869327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    110582857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16695029                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30565                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1833010                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204641825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159258433     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22507834     11.00%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8487148      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4050055      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3425216      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1958508      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1702542      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       774806      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2477283      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204641825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     89869327                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    110582857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             16386257                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10015070                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15248                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15946109                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        99633896                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2277131                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2477283                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          329441804                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         257662454                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2705798                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              17377649                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          89869327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           110582857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     89869327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.505038                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.505038                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.399196                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.399196                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      536477990                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     165832956                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     118135212                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        30538                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              225126086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18298585                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15002249                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1792445                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7732416                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7165662                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1880833                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81007                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    174845824                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            103981945                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18298585                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9046495                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22880390                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5063420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      5739878                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        10767983                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1778783                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    206709079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      183828689     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2477245      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2857939      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1580656      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1836811      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1006432      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         679435      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1772867      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10669005      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    206709079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081281                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461883                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      173444413                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      7167769                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22701883                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       168827                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3226184                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      2972999                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        16805                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    126948870                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        84091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3226184                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      173708975                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2436304                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      3983462                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22617416                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       736735                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    126870134                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       192429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       343805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    176317594                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    590747518                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    590747518                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    150827443                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       25490151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        33667                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18958                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1983078                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12110445                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6605086                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173418                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1459907                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        126689325                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33764                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       119833551                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163053                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15655896                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36040204                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206709079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156209016     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20314156      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10921317      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7546099      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6600136      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3388478      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       807549      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528388      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       393940      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206709079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31126     12.05%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109977     42.59%     54.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117125     45.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100309700     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1873433      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14687      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11077719      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6558012      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    119833551                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.532295                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            258228                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446797462                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142380142                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117865110                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    120091779                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       304495                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2116708                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          737                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       138927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7345                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3226184                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2002805                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       127241                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126723202                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        45856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12110445                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6605086                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18964                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89954                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1040458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1004019                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2044477                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118080338                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10406956                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1753213                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 113                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           16963533                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16527726                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6556577                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.524508                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            117866903                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           117865110                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        70054647                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       183457287                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.523552                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381858                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88570339                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    108664035                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18060392                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29626                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1802877                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203482895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159098748     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20577266     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8623622      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5185771      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3592021      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2320531      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1199798      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       968419      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1916719      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203482895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     88570339                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    108664035                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             16459896                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             9993737                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             14780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15551324                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        97965218                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2210713                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1916719                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          328290005                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         256675102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2676170                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              18417007                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          88570339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           108664035                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     88570339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.541777                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.541777                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393425                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393425                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      532689528                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     163582217                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     118488234                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        29600                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              225126086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       18567271                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15192817                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1812932                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7597331                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7303703                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1914989                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82087                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178734951                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            103841085                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          18567271                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9218692                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            21667601                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       4950953                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4188788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10936300                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1815342                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    207705773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      186038172     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1004745      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1597716      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2172869      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2238469      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1890596      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1060899      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1578064      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10124243      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    207705773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082475                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461257                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      176918554                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6020252                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        21629217                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        23675                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3114072                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3056140                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          363                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    127436984                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1916                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3114072                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      177399850                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1251382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      3657050                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        21177699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1105717                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    127398482                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       150462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       482300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    177746018                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    592690127                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    592690127                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    154071220                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       23674786                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        31295                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16150                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3288134                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     11927079                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6461966                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76156                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1552188                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        127257245                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31408                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       120833241                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16469                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14120282                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33807509                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          860                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207705773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156577951     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21019242     10.12%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10645364      5.13%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8036721      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6321321      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2560154      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1598501      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       836104      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110415      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207705773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23357     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77147     37.91%     49.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103012     50.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101629960     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1806204      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15143      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10939788      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6442146      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    120833241                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536736                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            203516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001684                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    449592240                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141409430                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119025433                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    121036757                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       245994                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1918246                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           99                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          497                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94748                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3114072                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1001809                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107159                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127288787                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7234                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11927079                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6461966                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90432                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          497                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1051766                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023988                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2075754                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119168698                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10293351                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1664543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           16735245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16931110                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6441894                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529342                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            119025637                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           119025433                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        68333098                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       184180994                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528706                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371011                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89813275                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    110513859                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16774955                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30548                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1835825                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204591701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159255002     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22478516     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8483429      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4040720      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3418494      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1950740      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1712610      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       774531      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2477659      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204591701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     89813275                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    110513859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             16376051                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10008833                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             15240                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15936128                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        99571772                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2275717                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2477659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          329402232                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         257691754                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2708373                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              17420313                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          89813275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           110513859                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     89813275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.506601                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.506601                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398947                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398947                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      536310884                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     165796970                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     118120047                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        30520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              225126086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20390648                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16978283                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1852371                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7751783                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7455149                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2194427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86095                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177424201                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            111873385                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20390648                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9649576                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23317996                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5154551                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      6020473                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11016420                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1770488                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    210047991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      186729995     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1429973      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1798798      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2871319      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1208181      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1545594      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1803733      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         824810      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11835588      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    210047991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090574                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.496937                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      176379719                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      7165924                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23206618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        10931                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3284791                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3102735                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          530                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    136739798                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3284791                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      176558413                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        574077                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      6092403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23038796                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       499504                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    135895592                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        72024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       348669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    189810677                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    631951924                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    631951924                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    158886664                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       30923991                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        32935                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17177                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1752137                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12719102                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6654613                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74614                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1508042                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        132686092                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33056                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       127321778                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127112                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16051860                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32637366                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1267                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210047991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156099433     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24604152     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10062213      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5637958      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7636711      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2352762      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2312888      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1243648      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98226      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210047991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        877061     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119101     10.73%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113501     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107262914     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1740925      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15757      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11667789      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6634393      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    127321778                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.565558                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1109663                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008715                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465928319                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148771640                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124011885                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    128431441                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94490                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2392338                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           22                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          634                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92308                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           66                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3284791                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        437168                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132719155                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12719102                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6654613                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17178                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47697                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          634                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1097840                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1040880                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2138720                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125108867                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11478650                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2212908                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18112436                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17693458                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6633786                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.555728                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            124012295                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           124011885                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        74304670                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       199588252                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.550855                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372290                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92437123                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    113903779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18815895                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31789                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1868210                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    206763200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158553142     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24432795     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8870333      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4422143      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4040251      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1697264      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1680836      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       799939      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2266497      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    206763200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     92437123                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    113903779                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             16889069                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10326764                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             15858                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16509757                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       102550784                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2352117                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2266497                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          337215727                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         268724165                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2690071                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              15078095                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          92437123                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           113903779                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     92437123                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.435451                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.435451                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.410602                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.410602                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      562938759                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     173291500                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     126475064                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        31762                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              225126085                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20387775                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16974409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1851717                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7790165                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7456074                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2194099                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86098                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177454233                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            111866038                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20387775                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9650173                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23315622                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5146854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      5981762                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11016906                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1769655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    210029916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      186714294     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1430251      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1798446      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2872393      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1208180      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1546794      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1804472      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         824917      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11830169      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    210029916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090562                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496904                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      176409171                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      7127720                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23204439                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        10799                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3277779                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3103532                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          520                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    136711048                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2211                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3277779                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      176588200                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        572144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      6056764                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23036370                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       498652                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    135865284                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        71749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       348151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    189774701                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    631817023                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    631817023                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    158918420                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       30856281                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        33092                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17332                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1749922                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12701869                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6655218                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74241                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1503783                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        132656410                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33209                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       127324402                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       126683                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16000187                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32472226                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1416                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210029916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156079838     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24608057     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10061027      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5634141      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7638722      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2351236      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2315362      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1243636      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        97897      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210029916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        878350     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117539     10.59%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113559     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107265160     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1740966      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15760      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11667921      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6634595      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    127324402                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.565569                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1109448                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008714                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465914851                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148690422                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124015268                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    128433850                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93866                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2373036                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          618                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91601                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           68                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3277779                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        435480                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54835                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132689622                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104537                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12701869                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6655218                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17332                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47770                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           55                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          618                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1098481                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1038389                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2136870                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125110226                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11478644                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2214176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18112620                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17694232                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6633976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.555734                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            124015718                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           124015268                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        74298405                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       199557431                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.550870                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372316                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92455590                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    113926582                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18763558                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31793                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1867563                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    206752137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158532657     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24437226     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8871737      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4423091      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4041050      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1700077      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1679237      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       799894      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2267168      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    206752137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     92455590                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    113926582                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             16892450                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10328833                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15860                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16513065                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       102571315                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2352591                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2267168                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          337174459                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         268658073                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2687704                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              15096169                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          92455590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           113926582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     92455590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.434965                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.434965                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.410684                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.410684                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      562960133                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     173291839                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     126469460                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        31766                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              225126086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18249401                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14924483                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1781738                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7586782                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7202973                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1877636                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79219                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177127988                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            103558695                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18249401                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9080609                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21704716                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5176872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3120659                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10891782                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1795465                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    205309403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      183604687     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1178217      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1861279      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2960145      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1224939      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1369571      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1460857      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         953657      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10696051      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    205309403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081063                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460003                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      175497399                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      4764387                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21636920                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        55097                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3355597                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2992368                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          445                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    126458766                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2851                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3355597                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      175768038                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1528265                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2458769                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        21426141                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       772590                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    126385021                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        21887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       215977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       292152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        35305                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    175465327                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    587936692                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    587936692                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    149806342                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25658943                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        32153                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17668                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2330939                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12043169                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6471804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195581                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1471994                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        126207852                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32248                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       119462453                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147259                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16017131                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35570322                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3036                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205309403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    154943886     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20213142      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11050390      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7538560      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7048421      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2026435      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1582803      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       535954      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369812      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205309403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27904     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86207     38.68%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108777     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100076394     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1889008      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14484      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11042073      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6440494      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    119462453                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530647                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            222888                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    444604455                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142258526                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117540586                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    119685341                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       358636                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2155976                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          296                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1324                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186581                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7469                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3355597                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1022389                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106350                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126240224                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50357                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12043169                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6471804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17655                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78107                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1324                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041785                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1015276                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2057061                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117761918                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10383495                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1700534                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 124                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           16822421                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16566802                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6438926                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523093                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            117541512                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           117540586                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        68724263                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       179552605                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522110                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382753                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87996924                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    107860943                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18379511                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29212                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1819499                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    201953806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158162173     78.32%     78.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21208425     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8255706      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4450065      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3331221      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1861907      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1145628      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1026724      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2511957      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    201953806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     87996924                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    107860943                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             16172413                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             9887190                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             14574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15483126                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        97190468                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2191078                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2511957                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          325681718                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         255836718                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2857895                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              19816683                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          87996924                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           107860943                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     87996924                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.558340                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.558340                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390878                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390878                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      531057954                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     162933777                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     117948358                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        29186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              225126086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18571693                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15195509                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1808575                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7637983                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7305930                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1918725                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82383                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178739924                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            103865742                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18571693                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9224655                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            21669857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       4939096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      4194411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10932044                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1810641                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    207711114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      186041257     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1004653      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1597834      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2171881      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2235804      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1892537      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1067701      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1578484      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10120963      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    207711114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      176920239                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      6029480                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        21631465                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        23361                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3106566                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3057441                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          358                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    127448868                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1888                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3106566                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      177402707                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1256967                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      3659352                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21178755                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1106764                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    127409601                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       149333                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       483502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    177770263                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    592740884                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    592740884                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    154170538                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       23599721                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        31508                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16353                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         3294002                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     11917636                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6465081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75695                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1548391                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        127268561                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31616                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       120862660                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16608                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14060697                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33686348                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1052                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207711114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156567774     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21035903     10.13%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10642894      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8032127      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6323388      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2562735      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1597324      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       838335      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110634      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207711114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23231     11.59%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74053     36.94%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103194     51.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101648868     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1806769      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15153      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10946848      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6445022      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    120862660                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.536867                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200478                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    449653520                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141361371                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119065315                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    121063138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       246403                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1902369                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          137                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          499                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93768                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3106566                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1006733                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107210                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127300312                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11917636                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6465081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16355                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90565                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          499                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1051545                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1018363                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2069908                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119208851                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10300897                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1653809                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           16745658                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16936911                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6444761                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.529520                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            119065549                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           119065315                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        68343768                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       184174243                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528883                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371082                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89871125                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    110585074                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16715267                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30564                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1831478                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204604548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159237292     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22490280     10.99%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8488924      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4051404      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3416841      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1956935      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1709041      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       774199      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2479632      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204604548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     89871125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    110585074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             16386577                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10015267                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             15248                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15946413                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        99635900                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2277176                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2479632                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          329424633                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         257707308                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2704235                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              17414972                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          89871125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           110585074                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     89871125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.504988                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.504988                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.399204                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.399204                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      536529840                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     165848723                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     118153328                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        30536                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              225126086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18575816                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15198878                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1809485                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7684370                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7313284                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1918619                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82594                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178747539                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            103880003                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18575816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9231903                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            21681338                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       4940637                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      4192873                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10933435                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1811366                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    207729302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      186047964     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1011167      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1605907      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2172086      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2234967      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1892957      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1066720      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1571500      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10126034      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    207729302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082513                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461430                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      176930337                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      6025344                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        21642787                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        23637                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3107194                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3058119                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    127457490                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1895                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3107194                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      177417087                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1259468                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      3654315                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        21185874                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1105361                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    127412867                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       149463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       482612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    177776825                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    592766812                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    592766812                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    154166258                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       23610555                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        31629                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        16472                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         3290910                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     11917873                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6465103                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        75827                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1605310                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        127257622                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        31742                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       120849308                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16553                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14062674                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33696198                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1176                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    207729302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156539730     75.36%     75.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21088612     10.15%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10663552      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8024963      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6307540      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2559109      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1597920      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       837530      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110346      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    207729302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         23111     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73778     36.84%     48.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       103402     51.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101634487     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1806767      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15153      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10947980      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6444921      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    120849308                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.536807                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            200291                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    449644757                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141352531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119048972                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    121049599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       246021                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1902867                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          122                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          494                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93957                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3107194                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1009102                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107473                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127289496                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47172                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11917873                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6465103                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        16476                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90871                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          494                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1052105                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1019166                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2071271                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119194088                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10302498                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1655215                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           16747162                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16937510                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6444664                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.529455                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            119049190                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           119048972                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        68340457                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       184143285                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.528810                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371127                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89868649                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    110582025                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     16707496                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30566                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1832393                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204622108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159219922     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22524062     11.01%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8488082      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4049216      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3437442      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1958655      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1695677      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       775370      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2473682      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204622108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     89868649                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    110582025                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             16386149                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10015003                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15248                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15945984                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        99633154                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2277115                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2473682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          329437323                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         257686303                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2704429                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              17396784                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          89868649                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           110582025                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     89868649                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.505057                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.505057                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.399193                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.399193                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      536465779                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     165830121                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     118167564                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        30540                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              225126086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       18302345                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15003447                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1795321                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7699720                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7163258                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1881235                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80683                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    174982737                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            104025902                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          18302345                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9044493                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            22895722                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5073254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      5670027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        10778544                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1782357                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    206798363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      183902641     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2480453      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2862135      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1582222      0.77%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1835863      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1004380      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         676484      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1773897      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10680288      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    206798363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081298                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.462078                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      173577688                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      7101394                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        22717313                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       168920                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3233045                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      2975344                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        16832                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    127031393                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        84530                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3233045                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      173841739                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2359698                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      3992468                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        22633336                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       738074                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    126955185                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       190775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       345687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    176427505                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    591162173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    591162173                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    150883630                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       25543854                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        33749                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19033                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1983673                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     12135626                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6608398                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172807                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1460799                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        126777841                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       119913857                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166483                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15698791                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36154625                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4197                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206798363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156271659     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20321207      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10924387      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7551986      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6606131      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3391925      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       808196      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528383      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       394489      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206798363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30572     11.71%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       113427     43.46%     55.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116996     44.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100373346     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1874573      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14693      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11089423      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6561822      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    119913857                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.532652                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            260995                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002177                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447053554                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142511618                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117929023                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    120174852                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       303145                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2138162                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          689                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       139830                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7346                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3233045                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1932575                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       125150                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126811784                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        42381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12135626                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6608398                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19029                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88095                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041158                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1006623                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2047781                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118148587                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10412994                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1765269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 109                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           16973369                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       16535262                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6560375                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.524811                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            117930597                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           117929023                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        70094732                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       183610678                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.523835                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381757                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88603365                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    108704576                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18108372                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29637                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1805797                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203565318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159166094     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20586860     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8627970      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5181228      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3593904      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2318557      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1203493      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       968963      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1918249      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203565318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     88603365                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    108704576                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             16466032                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             9997464                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             14786                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15557126                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        98001790                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2211549                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1918249                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          328459419                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         256859020                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2680861                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              18327723                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          88603365                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           108704576                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     88603365                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.540830                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.540830                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.393572                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.393572                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      532970241                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     163673773                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     118536630                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        29610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              225126086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18303591                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15007031                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1793237                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7731792                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7168759                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1881795                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        80964                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    174865794                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            104004450                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18303591                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9050554                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            22888900                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5068902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      5757158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10770016                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1779619                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    206759431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      183870531     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        2479096      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2861938      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        1581816      0.77%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1835989      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1003786      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         680498      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1773343      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10672434      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    206759431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081304                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461983                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      173469510                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      7180050                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        22710111                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles       169011                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3230746                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      2973112                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        16833                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    126982505                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        83749                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3230746                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      173733959                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2456622                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      3974714                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        22625761                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       737626                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    126905450                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       192567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       344284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    176367416                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    590908165                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    590908165                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    150840604                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25526798                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        33633                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1977780                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12120355                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6604694                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172713                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1462497                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        126723693                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33717                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       119852906                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       165281                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15682980                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36136690                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4093                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206759431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156248570     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20323757      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10919842      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7547867      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6599849      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3388507      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       808109      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528161      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       394769      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206759431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31830     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111007     42.78%     55.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116675     44.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100320618     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1873607      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14688      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11085027      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6558966      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    119852906                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.532381                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            259512                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446890036                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142441539                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117878258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    120112418                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       303981                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2125735                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          728                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       137998                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7342                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            5                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3230746                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2028706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       127429                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126757528                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48101                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12120355                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6604694                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18923                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89562                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1042543                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1003123                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2045666                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118097285                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10410587                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1755621                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           16968079                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16528961                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6557492                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.524583                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            117880105                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           117878258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        70063648                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       183488607                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.523610                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88577991                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    108673549                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18084910                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29624                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1803735                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203528685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159139547     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20581187     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8624403      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5186885      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3590669      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2319492      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1200551      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       968149      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1917802      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203528685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     88577991                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    108673549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             16461307                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             9994611                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             14780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15552730                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        97973795                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2210926                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1917802                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          328368744                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         256747745                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2676243                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              18366655                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          88577991                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           108673549                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     88577991                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.541558                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.541558                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393459                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393459                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      532760294                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     163603942                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     118511310                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        29596                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              225126086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18245926                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14922769                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1781134                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7564639                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7198826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1876690                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79210                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177071662                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            103544954                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18245926                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9075516                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            21701148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5176751                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3103030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10888456                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1794913                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    205232404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      183531256     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1178924      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1858302      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2961226      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1224788      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1369175      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1458871      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         952679      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10697183      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    205232404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081048                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.459942                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      175438645                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      4749213                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        21633038                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        55382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3356123                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      2990716                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          443                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    126444585                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2832                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3356123                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      175710577                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1517037                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2448312                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21421556                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       778796                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    126371872                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents        23389                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       216652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       293669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        38684                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    175449621                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    587877651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    587877651                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    149778453                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       25671168                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        32232                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17747                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2340896                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12042340                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6470099                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195720                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1473988                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        126194602                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       119438728                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       146863                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16021749                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35616671                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205232404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    154877571     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20207375      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11049381      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7535509      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7050704      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2023549      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1582366      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536285      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369664      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205232404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27834     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86252     38.69%     51.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108824     48.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100059091     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1888590      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14481      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11037675      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6438891      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    119438728                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530541                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            222910                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    444479633                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142249964                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117515575                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    119661638                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       359659                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2157012                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          256                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1322                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186053                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7475                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3356123                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1013089                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106482                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126227043                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12042340                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6470099                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17735                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78069                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1322                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041347                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1016231                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2057578                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117735944                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10380314                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1702784                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           16817565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16564253                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6437251                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.522978                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            117516457                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           117515575                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        68712411                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       179536046                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.521999                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382722                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87980566                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    107840802                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18386466                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29207                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1818867                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    201876281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158095310     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21203406     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8254736      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4446869      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3330059      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1859570      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1147679      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1026059      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2512593      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    201876281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     87980566                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    107840802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             16169374                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             9885328                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             14572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15480213                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        97172317                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2190658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2512593                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          325590371                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         255810853                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2857290                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19893682                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          87980566                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           107840802                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     87980566                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.558816                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.558816                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.390806                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.390806                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      530933950                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     162898984                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     117931101                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        29180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              225126086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18251107                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14926113                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1779628                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7554745                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7199062                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1877654                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79155                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177094627                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            103590049                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18251107                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9076716                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            21706306                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5174888                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3124701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        10888683                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1793631                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    205281860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      183575554     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1177966      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1858309      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2961942      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1223939      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1366135      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1463712      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         952789      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10701514      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    205281860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081071                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460142                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      175461116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      4770919                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        21638941                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        55107                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3355774                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      2992669                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          455                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    126494847                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2890                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3355774                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      175732041                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1520847                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2466941                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        21428196                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       778058                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    126422582                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        22239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       216347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       293606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39035                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    175518357                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    588122132                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    588122132                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    149833332                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       25684936                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        32215                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17727                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2334605                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12040417                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6474243                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195273                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1474471                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        126246054                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32305                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       119477907                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147051                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16038616                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35690957                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3089                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205281860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    154915295     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20212300      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11048222      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7536360      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7054724      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2025075      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1583735      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       535790      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370359      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205281860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27862     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86130     38.67%     51.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108754     48.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100088264     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1890559      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14486      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11041703      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6442895      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    119477907                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530716                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            222746                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    444607471                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142318256                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117556661                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    119700653                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       358669                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2151419                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          269                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1307                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       187884                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7451                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3355774                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1020593                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106320                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126278482                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12040417                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6474243                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17712                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78001                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1307                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1040380                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1015506                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2055886                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117777173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10382337                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1700734                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           16823718                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       16569283                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6441381                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523161                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            117557603                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           117556661                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        68728672                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       179585027                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522181                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382708                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88012790                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    107880425                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18398192                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1817333                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    201926086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158131526     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21208914     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8258499      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4447243      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3330830      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1860622      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1147650      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1025962      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2514840      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    201926086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     88012790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    107880425                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             16175337                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             9888987                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             14576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15485934                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        97208028                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2191480                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2514840                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          325689278                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         255913284                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2857008                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              19844226                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          88012790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           107880425                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     88012790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.557879                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.557879                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390949                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390949                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      531114826                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     162953122                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     117981450                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        29190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              225126086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20392635                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16978521                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1853489                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7753881                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7456852                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2194997                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86146                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177450558                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            111871811                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20392635                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9651849                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23318967                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5158065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      6018661                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11019014                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1771990                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    210075927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      186756960     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1430583      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1800244      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2870034      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1205543      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1547957      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1800776      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         826063      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11837767      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    210075927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090583                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.496930                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      176406207                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      7163502                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23207814                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        11176                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3287220                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3104496                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          522                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    136752250                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2529                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3287220                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      176585176                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        572708                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      6091160                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23039889                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       499767                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    135910341                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        72286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       347913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    189820818                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    632024291                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    632024291                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    158888275                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       30932543                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        32869                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1753774                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12726761                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6655695                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        74624                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1506229                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        132699415                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32993                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       127328627                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127500                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16059430                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     32665947                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1204                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    210075927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156124263     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24604942     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10062472      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5639850      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7636871      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2352331      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2314173      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1243186      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        97839      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    210075927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        877533     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119608     10.77%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       113488     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107269555     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1740810      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15757      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11666593      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6635912      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    127328627                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.565588                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1110629                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008723                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    465971310                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148792461                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    124019644                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    128439256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94741                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2399893                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          627                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93326                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           86                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3287220                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        435318                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        54788                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132732420                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       104428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12726761                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6655695                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47736                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          627                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1096366                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1043117                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2139483                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    125116020                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11478265                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2212607                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18113526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17694176                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6635261                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.555760                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            124020061                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           124019644                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        74305989                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       199602680                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.550890                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372269                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92438056                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    113904934                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18828061                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31789                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1869313                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    206788707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158581022     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24432303     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8868898      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4417914      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4043017      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1697656      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1681020      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       800391      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2266486      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    206788707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     92438056                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    113904934                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             16889237                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10326868                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15858                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16509910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       102551835                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2352142                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2266486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          337254566                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         268753225                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2691247                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              15050159                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          92438056                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           113904934                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     92438056                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.435426                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.435426                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.410606                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.410606                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      562971200                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     173295649                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     126475172                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        31762                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              225126086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       17099895                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15267099                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1357846                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11326306                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11150330                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1025885                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40828                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    180619841                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             97137305                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          17099895                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     12176215                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21653330                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       4464240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      2702509                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10924241                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1332725                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    208074423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      186421093     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3298761      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1667965      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3266270      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1046312      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3016612      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         476580      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         771566      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        8109264      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    208074423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075957                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431480                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      178354093                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5009610                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21610566                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        17428                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3082722                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1616319                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        16022                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    108664030                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        30445                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3082722                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      178606311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3039483                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1198381                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21379482                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       768040                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    108508730                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        84555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       618845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    142210932                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    491792201                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    491792201                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    115334859                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       26876047                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        14564                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7369                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1653076                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     19564994                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3182864                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20412                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       725108                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        107952226                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14615                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       101087594                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        65101                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19475099                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39887777                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          105                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    208074423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    163726874     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14013736      6.73%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14792395      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8618633      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4437897      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1110859      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1317106      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        30734      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26189      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    208074423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        169279     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        69208     23.40%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        57297     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79269181     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       792706      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7196      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17862319     17.67%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3156192      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    101087594                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.449027                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            295784                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410610496                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    127442197                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     98525925                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    101383378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        79213                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3982011                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           99                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          267                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78410                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3082722                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2032132                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        94908                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107966921                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14348                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19564994                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3182864                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7367                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        36584                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2003                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          267                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       913817                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       526170                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1439987                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     99810922                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17610232                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1276672                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           20766241                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       15171843                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3156009                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.443356                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             98548122                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            98525925                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        59616791                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       129855151                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.437648                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.459102                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     78477719                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     88356110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19615174                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14510                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1349278                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    204991701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172094663     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12922099      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8303643      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2618591      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4336418      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       846435      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       537242      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       491227      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2841383      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    204991701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     78477719                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     88356110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18687430                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            15582976                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              7240                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         13556608                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        77216671                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1105272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2841383                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          310121316                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         219027737                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4011705                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              17051663                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          78477719                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            88356110                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     78477719                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.868662                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.868662                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.348595                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.348595                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      463946114                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     128371826                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     115408541                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        14496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              225126086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18245461                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14921804                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1782480                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7588498                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7199781                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1877560                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79180                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177113985                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            103537439                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18245461                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9077341                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            21698679                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5178045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3114693                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        10891091                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1796398                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    205283868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      183585189     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1177464      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1859106      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2960792      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1223678      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1369451      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1461443      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         952397      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10694348      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    205283868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081046                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.459909                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      175479732                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      4761813                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        21631335                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        54919                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3356066                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      2991326                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          447                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    126432717                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2888                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3356066                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      175751033                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1516739                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2464480                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        21419728                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       775819                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    126361071                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        22213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       216227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       293521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        36754                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    175436873                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    587819272                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    587819272                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    149783768                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25653098                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        32093                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17609                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2335130                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12038319                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6469321                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195456                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1473337                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        126185562                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32186                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       119440462                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       146767                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16006612                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35555246                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2980                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    205283868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    154927847     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20209391      9.84%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11050235      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7534594      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7048592      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2023625      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1582957      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536432      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       370195      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    205283868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27826     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        85461     38.52%     51.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108575     48.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100060612     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1888663      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14482      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11038255      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6438450      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    119440462                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530549                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221862                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    444533421                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142225651                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117519730                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    119662324                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       360117                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2152609                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          285                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1317                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185032                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7461                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3356066                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1014775                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106614                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126217867                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50540                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12038319                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6469321                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17597                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78250                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1317                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1041772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1016108                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2057880                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117740045                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10381244                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1700417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           16818154                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16563960                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6436910                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522996                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            117520622                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           117519730                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        68709275                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       179518534                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522017                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382742                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87983701                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    107844730                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18373320                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1820208                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    201927802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158144687     78.32%     78.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21203770     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8255168      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4448555      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3330180      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1860135      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1146803      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1025286      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2513218      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    201927802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     87983701                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    107844730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16169994                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             9885707                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             14572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15480800                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        97175861                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2190749                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2513218                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          325632049                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         255792368                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2858388                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              19842218                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          87983701                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           107844730                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     87983701                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.558725                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.558725                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390820                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390820                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      530961060                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     162903755                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     117924159                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        29178                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         283859                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32760.851179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1880101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         316615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.938130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           212.172854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.941414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  2760.897360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     4.802568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1301.148140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.373655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1759.321211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     5.029165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1312.588789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.783759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1033.739973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.619680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1053.515725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.835321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2101.920040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     4.532897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1318.377007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.744357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1303.180445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.650299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1752.932627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.438037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1739.025091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.620457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2092.888398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.716546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2081.024500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.914541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1048.843521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.464798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1746.111658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.705011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2118.991621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           555.490264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           324.054295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           371.180860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           308.345224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           270.085503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           282.931389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           450.985019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           299.593475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           318.832143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           428.275514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           387.118829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           416.951529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           428.395359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           294.241016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           391.401687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           434.117611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.084256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.039708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.053690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.040057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.031547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.032151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.064146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.040234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.039770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.053495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.053071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.063870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.063508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.032008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.053287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.064666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.016952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.009889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.011328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.008242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.008634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.013763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.009143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.009730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.013070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.011814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.012724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.013074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.008980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.013248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        37814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        37878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        22359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  483865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           156781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                156781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          188                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          114                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          186                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2127                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        32064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        37928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        37997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        22545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   485992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        44606                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        23752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23655                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22510                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        38249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23664                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        32064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        37928                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        37997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        22545                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  485992                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        26189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        25930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                283648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        26193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        25930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 283679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27525                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12723                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12808                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10227                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10185                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25853                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12914                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12814                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16954                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        26193                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26098                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10114                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        25930                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                283679                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6092161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4409762638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7190527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2037942599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5821266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2865885241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6923521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2053899962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5909537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1650682271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6201080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1642859133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5944584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4158290775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7109276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2069720137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7374016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2054908984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5748716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2741303548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6240779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2836743916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5832374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4223517609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5838259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4214884009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5984438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1627362939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5438340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2778477977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5734868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4171608621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45637234101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1534694                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1546989                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1110026                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       638657                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4830366                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6092161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4409762638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7190527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2037942599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5821266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2867419935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6923521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2053899962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5909537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1650682271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6201080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1642859133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5944584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4158290775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7109276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2069720137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7374016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2054908984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5748716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2742850537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6240779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2837853942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5832374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4224156266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5838259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4214884009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5984438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1627362939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5438340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2778477977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5734868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4171608621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      45642064467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6092161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4409762638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7190527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2037942599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5821266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2867419935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6923521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2053899962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5909537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1650682271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6201080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1642859133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5944584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4158290775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7109276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2069720137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7374016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2054908984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5748716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2742850537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6240779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2837853942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5832374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4224156266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5838259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4214884009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5984438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1627362939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5438340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2778477977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5734868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4171608621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     45642064467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        48968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        32527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        32506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        48870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        48937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        64003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        63976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        32473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        49219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        63993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              767513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       156781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            156781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          188                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          118                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          186                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        32715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        32695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        49018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        64121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        64095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        32659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        49282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        64112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               769671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        32715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        32695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        49018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        49081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        64121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        64095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        32659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        49282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        64112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              769671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.381963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.362053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.352575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.314416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.313327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.409184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.311459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.369568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.067568                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.067568                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.048611                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.033898                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.014365                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.381597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.312609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.403310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.354060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.408493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.352644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.404448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.368572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.381597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.312609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.403310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.354060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.408493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.352644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.404448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.368572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148589.292683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160209.360145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171203.023810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160177.835338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153191.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161649.570816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164845.738095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160360.709088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155514.131579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161404.348392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       155027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 161301.829455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152425.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 160843.645805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169268.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160269.485597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175571.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160364.365850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155370.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161786.092304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156019.475000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161316.116918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149548.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161270.671236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149698.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161502.184420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157485.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 160902.010975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       151065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159875.595661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150917.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160879.622869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160893.904068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 153469.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 154698.900000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 158575.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 159664.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155818.258065                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148589.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160209.360145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171203.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160177.835338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153191.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161644.959411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164845.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160360.709088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155514.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161404.348392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       155027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 161301.829455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152425.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 160843.645805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169268.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160269.485597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175571.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160364.365850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155370.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161781.912056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156019.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161315.026262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149548.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161270.425915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149698.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161502.184420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157485.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 160902.010975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       151065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159875.595661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150917.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160879.622869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160893.349409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148589.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160209.360145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 171203.023810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160177.835338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153191.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161644.959411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164845.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 160360.709088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155514.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 161404.348392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       155027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 161301.829455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152425.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 160843.645805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169268.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 160269.485597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175571.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160364.365850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155370.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161781.912056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156019.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 161315.026262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149548.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161270.425915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149698.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161502.184420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157485.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 160902.010975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       151065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159875.595661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150917.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 160879.622869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160893.349409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                85201                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     85201                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        26189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        25930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           283648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        26193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        25930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            283679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        25853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        26193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        25930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           283679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3703918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2807488524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4747300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1297087314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3610518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1833259997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4483251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1308071899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3696558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1055137901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3875860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1049761698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3674149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2652917019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4670472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1317668701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4936888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1308737317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3597333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1754369570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3917103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1812524213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3566752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2698544883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3569357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2695148715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3772395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1038353957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3344610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1766091466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3523481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2661683541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29119536660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       951535                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       965069                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       701573                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       405726                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3023903                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3703918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2807488524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4747300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1297087314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3610518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1834211532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4483251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1308071899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3696558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1055137901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3875860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1049761698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3674149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2652917019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4670472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1317668701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4936888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1308737317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3597333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1755334639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3917103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1813225786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3566752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2698950609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3569357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2695148715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3772395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1038353957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3344610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1766091466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3523481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2661683541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29122560563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3703918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2807488524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4747300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1297087314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3610518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1834211532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4483251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1308071899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3696558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1055137901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3875860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1049761698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3674149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2652917019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4670472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1317668701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4936888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1308737317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3597333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1755334639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3917103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1813225786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3566752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2698950609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3569357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2695148715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3772395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1038353957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3344610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1766091466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3523481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2661683541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29122560563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.381963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.362053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.352575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.314416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.313327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.404060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.409184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.311459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.369568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.067568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.067568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.048611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.033898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.381597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.312609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.403310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.354060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.408493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.352644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.404448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.368572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.381597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.312609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.403310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.354060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.408493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.309685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.352644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.404448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.368572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90339.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101997.766540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 113030.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101948.228720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95013.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103404.591178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 106744.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102129.286305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97277.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103171.790457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96896.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103069.386156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94208.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102615.441883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 111201.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102034.125832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 117544.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102133.394490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97225.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103539.280571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97927.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103072.175889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91455.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103041.157853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91521.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103270.316308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99273.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102665.014534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92905.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101622.156971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92723.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102648.806055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102660.821370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95153.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96506.900000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100224.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101431.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97545.258065                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90339.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101997.766540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 113030.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101948.228720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95013.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103399.939794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 106744.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102129.286305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97277.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103171.790457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96896.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103069.386156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94208.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102615.441883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 111201.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102034.125832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 117544.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102133.394490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97225.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103535.132653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97927.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103071.042860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91455.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103040.912038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91521.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103270.316308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99273.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102665.014534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92905.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101622.156971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92723.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102648.806055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102660.262349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90339.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101997.766540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 113030.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101948.228720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95013.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103399.939794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 106744.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102129.286305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97277.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103171.790457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96896.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103069.386156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94208.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102615.441883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 111201.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102034.125832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 117544.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102133.394490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97225.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103535.132653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97927.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103071.042860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91455.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103040.912038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91521.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103270.316308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99273.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102665.014534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92905.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101622.156971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92723.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102648.806055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102660.262349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              581.391523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010677113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1727653.184615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.361736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.029787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.064682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10669223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10669223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10669223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10669223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10669223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10669223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8745367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8745367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8745367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8745367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8745367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8745367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10669276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10669276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10669276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10669276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10669276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10669276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165006.924528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165006.924528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165006.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165006.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165006.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165006.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7101435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7101435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7101435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7101435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7101435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7101435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169081.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169081.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169081.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169081.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169081.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169081.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432108728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                72387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5969.424455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.881071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.118929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27994614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27994614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7489                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7489                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43324535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43324535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43324535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43324535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       255006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       255236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       255236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       255236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30116175613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30116175613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     19814211                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     19814211                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30135989824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30135989824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30135989824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30135989824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28249620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28249620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7489                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7489                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43579771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43579771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43579771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43579771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118099.870642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118099.870642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 86148.743478                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86148.743478                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118071.078625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118071.078625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118071.078625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118071.078625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14190                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           14190                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       182944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       182944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       183105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7797553701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7797553701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4827197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4827197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7802380898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7802380898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   7802380898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7802380898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108206.179415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108206.179415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 69959.376812                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69959.376812                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108169.592796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108169.592796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108169.592796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108169.592796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.912726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              981385100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1890915.414258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    42.912726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.068770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10934738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10934738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10934738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10934738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10934738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10934738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11721325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11721325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11721325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11721325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11721325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11721325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10934788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10934788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10934788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10934788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10934788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10934788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 234426.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 234426.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 234426.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 234426.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 234426.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 234426.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10583874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10583874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10583874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10583874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10583874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10583874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 240542.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240542.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 240542.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240542.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 240542.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240542.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                36475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              160517538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                36731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4370.083526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.742842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.257158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.913058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.086942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7533498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7533498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6341106                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6341106                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16348                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16348                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15269                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15269                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13874604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       13874604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13874604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      13874604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       116809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       117598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       117598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       117598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       117598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14336197648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14336197648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     68831655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68831655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14405029303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14405029303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14405029303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14405029303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7650307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7650307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6341895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6341895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16348                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16348                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15269                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15269                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     13992202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13992202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     13992202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13992202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122731.961133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122731.961133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87239.106464                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87239.106464                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122493.829002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122493.829002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122493.829002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122493.829002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        80469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        81123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        81123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81123                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3749154548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3749154548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9198004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9198004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3758352552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3758352552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3758352552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3758352552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103168.809796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103168.809796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 68133.362963                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68133.362963                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103039.137820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103039.137820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103039.137820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103039.137820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              519.546619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              982447277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1885695.349328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    37.546619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.060171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10767936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10767936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10767936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       10767936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10767936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      10767936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8035693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8035693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8035693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8035693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8035693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8035693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10767983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10767983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10767983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     10767983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10767983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     10767983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170972.191489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170972.191489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170972.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170972.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170972.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170972.191489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6688654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6688654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6688654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6688654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6688654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6688654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171503.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171503.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171503.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171503.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171503.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171503.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                49116                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              166452290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                49372                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3371.390464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.021209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.978791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.914145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.085855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7594802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7594802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6430771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6430771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16023                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16023                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14800                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14800                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14025573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14025573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14025573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14025573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       168136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3731                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3731                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       171867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       171867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       171867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       171867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21782584134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21782584134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    471380552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    471380552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22253964686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22253964686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22253964686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22253964686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7762938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7762938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6434502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6434502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16023                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16023                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        14800                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14800                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14197440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14197440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14197440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14197440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 129553.362361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129553.362361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126341.611364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126341.611364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 129483.639593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129483.639593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 129483.639593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129483.639593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16571                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           16571                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       119168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       122751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       122751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        48968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        49116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5151221664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5151221664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10877762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10877762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5162099426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5162099426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5162099426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5162099426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105195.671949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105195.671949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 73498.391892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73498.391892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105100.159337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105100.159337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105100.159337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105100.159337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.201525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              981386610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1890918.323699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    43.201525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.069233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10936248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10936248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10936248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10936248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10936248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10936248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11443374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11443374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11443374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11443374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11443374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11443374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10936300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10936300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10936300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10936300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10936300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10936300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 220064.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 220064.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 220064.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220064.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 220064.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220064.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9922837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9922837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9922837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9922837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9922837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9922837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 225519.022727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225519.022727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 225519.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225519.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 225519.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225519.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                36463                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              160506450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                36719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4371.209728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.742101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.257899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.913055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.086945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7526695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7526695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6337146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6337146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     13863841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       13863841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     13863841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      13863841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       116796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          798                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          798                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       117594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       117594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       117594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       117594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14356855781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14356855781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     68563218                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68563218                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14425418999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14425418999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14425418999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14425418999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7643491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7643491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6337944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6337944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        15260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     13981435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13981435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     13981435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13981435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122922.495471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122922.495471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85918.819549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85918.819549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122671.386287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122671.386287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122671.386287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122671.386287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            7656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        80469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        81131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        81131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3754966628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3754966628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9026927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9026927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3763993555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3763993555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3763993555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3763993555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103365.723236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103365.723236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66374.463235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66374.463235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103227.752928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103227.752928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103227.752928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103227.752928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              494.319048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              984599933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1989090.773737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    39.319048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.063011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11016372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11016372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11016372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11016372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11016372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11016372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8215463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8215463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8215463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8215463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8215463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8215463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11016420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11016420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11016420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11016420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11016420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11016420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171155.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171155.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171155.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171155.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171155.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171155.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6911924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6911924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6911924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6911924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6911924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6911924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172798.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172798.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172798.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172798.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172798.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172798.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                32715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              158094933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                32971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4794.969306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.253402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.746598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8789771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8789771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6528373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6528373                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15318144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15318144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15318144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15318144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        83969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1844                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1844                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        85813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        85813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        85813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        85813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9099886702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9099886702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    127206949                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    127206949                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9227093651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9227093651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9227093651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9227093651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8873740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8873740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6530217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6530217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15403957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15403957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15403957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15403957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000282                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108371.978968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108371.978968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68984.245662                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68984.245662                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107525.592288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107525.592288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107525.592288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107525.592288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       297292                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33032.444444                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            7172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        51442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        53098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        53098                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53098                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        32715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3242175185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3242175185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14423868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14423868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3256599053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3256599053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3256599053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3256599053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99676.428352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99676.428352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 76722.702128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76722.702128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99544.522482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99544.522482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99544.522482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99544.522482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.945120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              984600412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1981087.348089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    40.945120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.065617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11016851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11016851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11016851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11016851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11016851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11016851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9212896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9212896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9212896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9212896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9212896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9212896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11016906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11016906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11016906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11016906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11016906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11016906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167507.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167507.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167507.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167507.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167507.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167507.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7409115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7409115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7409115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7409115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7409115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7409115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176407.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176407.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176407.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176407.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176407.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176407.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                32695                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              158096440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                32951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4797.925404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.266260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.733740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8789852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8789852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6529632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6529632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17079                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17079                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15319484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15319484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15319484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15319484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        83820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        85712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        85712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        85712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        85712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9097949400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9097949400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    124085886                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    124085886                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9222035286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9222035286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9222035286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9222035286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8873672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8873672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6531524                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6531524                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17079                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17079                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15883                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15405196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15405196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15405196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15405196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108541.510379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108541.510379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65584.506342                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65584.506342                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107593.280824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107593.280824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107593.280824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107593.280824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       126494                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 25298.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        51314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        53017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        53017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3234430459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3234430459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14032337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14032337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3248462796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3248462796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3248462796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3248462796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99502.567495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99502.567495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 74245.169312                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74245.169312                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99356.562043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99356.562043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 99356.562043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99356.562043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              528.677513                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              986995247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1862255.183019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.677513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.061983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10891732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10891732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10891732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10891732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10891732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10891732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8019206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8019206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8019206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8019206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8019206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8019206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10891782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10891782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10891782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10891782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10891782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10891782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160384.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160384.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160384.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160384.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160384.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160384.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6659068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6659068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6659068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6659068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6659068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6659068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166476.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166476.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166476.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166476.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166476.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166476.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                64102                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              175152007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                64358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2721.526570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.300850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.699150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7553270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7553270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6255024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6255024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17495                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17495                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13808294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       13808294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13808294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      13808294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       162868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          717                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          717                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       163585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       163585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       163585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       163585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19802355067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19802355067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     62270278                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62270278                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19864625345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19864625345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  19864625345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19864625345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7716138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7716138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6255741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6255741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17495                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17495                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        14593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13971879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13971879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     13971879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13971879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121585.302619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121585.302619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86848.365411                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86848.365411                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121433.049149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121433.049149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121433.049149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121433.049149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8686                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8686                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        98885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6990493957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6990493957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8144254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8144254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6998638211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6998638211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6998638211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6998638211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109255.489067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109255.489067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 68439.109244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68439.109244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109179.716873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109179.716873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109179.716873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109179.716873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              518.060816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              981382357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1890910.129094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    43.060816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.069008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10931995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10931995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10931995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10931995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10931995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10931995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11403072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11403072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11403072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11403072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11403072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11403072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10932044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10932044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10932044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10932044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10932044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10932044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 232715.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 232715.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 232715.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 232715.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 232715.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 232715.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10248742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10248742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10248742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10248742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10248742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10248742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 232925.954545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232925.954545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 232925.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232925.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 232925.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232925.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                36474                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              160516296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                36730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4370.168690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.740678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.259322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.913050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.086950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7532260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7532260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6341214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6341214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16237                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16237                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15268                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15268                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13873474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       13873474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     13873474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      13873474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       116574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       117379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       117379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       117379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       117379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14380693383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14380693383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71819773                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71819773                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14452513156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14452513156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14452513156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14452513156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7648834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7648834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6342019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6342019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16237                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16237                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15268                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15268                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     13990853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13990853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     13990853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13990853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123361.070076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123361.070076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89217.109317                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89217.109317                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123126.906482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123126.906482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123126.906482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123126.906482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        80237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        80905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        80905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        80905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        80905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3768715203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3768715203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9495356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9495356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3778210559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3778210559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3778210559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3778210559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103715.639789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103715.639789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69309.167883                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69309.167883                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103586.405631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103586.405631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103586.405631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103586.405631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.099189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              981383743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1890912.799615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    43.099189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.069069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10933381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10933381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10933381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10933381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10933381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10933381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12825022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12825022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12825022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12825022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12825022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12825022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10933435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10933435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10933435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10933435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10933435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10933435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 237500.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 237500.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 237500.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 237500.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 237500.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 237500.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11129733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11129733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11129733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11129733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11129733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11129733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 252948.477273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252948.477273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 252948.477273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252948.477273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 252948.477273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252948.477273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                36478                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              160518111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                36734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4369.742228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.740106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.259894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.913047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.086953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7534146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7534146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6341026                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6341026                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16352                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16352                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15270                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15270                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     13875172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       13875172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     13875172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      13875172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       116617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          827                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          827                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       117444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       117444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       117444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       117444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14377499319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14377499319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     72245491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72245491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14449744810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14449744810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14449744810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14449744810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7650763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7650763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6341853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6341853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16352                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16352                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15270                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15270                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     13992616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13992616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     13992616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13992616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123288.193994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123288.193994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 87358.513906                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87358.513906                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123035.189622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123035.189622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123035.189622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123035.189622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            7661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        80279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        80966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        80966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        80966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        80966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3760755515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3760755515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9444955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9444955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3770200470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3770200470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3770200470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3770200470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103493.739749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103493.739749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67463.964286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67463.964286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103355.460003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103355.460003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103355.460003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103355.460003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              519.271509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              982457838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1889341.996154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.271509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.059730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10778497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10778497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10778497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       10778497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10778497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      10778497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8360249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8360249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8360249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8360249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8360249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8360249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10778544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10778544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10778544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     10778544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10778544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     10778544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177877.638298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177877.638298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177877.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177877.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177877.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177877.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6816056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6816056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6816056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6816056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6816056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6816056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179369.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179369.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179369.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179369.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179369.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179369.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                49018                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              166461552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                49274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3378.283720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.021485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.978515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7601648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7601648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6433173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6433173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14034821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       14034821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14034821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      14034821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       167794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       167794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       171522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       171522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       171522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       171522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21643787155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21643787155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    466571612                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    466571612                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22110358767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22110358767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22110358767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22110358767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7769442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7769442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6436901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6436901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        14805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     14206343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14206343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     14206343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14206343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 128990.232994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128990.232994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125153.329399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125153.329399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 128906.838580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128906.838580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 128906.838580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128906.838580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           17527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       118924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       118924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       122504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       122504                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122504                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        48870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        49018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        49018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5062181297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5062181297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10908171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10908171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5073089468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5073089468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5073089468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5073089468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103584.638776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103584.638776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73703.858108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73703.858108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103494.419764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103494.419764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103494.419764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103494.419764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              521.717877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              982449308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1878488.160612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    39.717877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.063650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10769967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10769967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10769967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10769967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10769967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10769967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8777571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8777571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8777571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8777571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8777571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8777571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10770016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10770016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10770016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10770016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10770016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10770016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179134.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179134.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179134.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179134.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179134.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179134.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7340350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7340350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7340350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7340350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7340350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7340350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179032.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179032.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179032.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179032.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179032.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179032.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                49081                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166456205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                49337                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3373.861504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.022524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.977476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.914150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.085850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7598290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7598290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6431312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6431312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        15911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14798                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14798                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14029602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       14029602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14029602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      14029602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       168659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       172387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       172387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       172387                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       172387                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  21813042283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21813042283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    471086192                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    471086192                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22284128475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22284128475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  22284128475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22284128475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7766949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7766949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6435040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6435040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        15911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        14798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14201989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14201989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14201989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14201989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 129332.216383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129332.216383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 126364.321888                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126364.321888                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 129268.033407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129268.033407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 129268.033407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129268.033407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        55343                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        55343                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           16760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       119722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       123306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       123306                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123306                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        48937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        49081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5126123241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5126123241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10291798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10291798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5136415039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5136415039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5136415039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5136415039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104749.437869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104749.437869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 71470.819444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71470.819444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104651.800880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104651.800880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104651.800880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104651.800880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              528.963862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              986991920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1862248.905660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.963862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.062442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10888405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10888405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10888405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10888405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10888405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10888405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7836972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7836972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7836972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7836972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7836972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7836972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10888456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10888456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10888456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10888456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10888456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10888456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153666.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153666.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153666.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153666.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153666.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153666.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6435152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6435152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6435152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6435152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6435152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6435152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160878.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160878.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160878.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                64121                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              175147061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                64377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              2720.646520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.281076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.718924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.915160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.084840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7549432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7549432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6253856                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6253856                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17558                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17558                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     13803288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       13803288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     13803288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      13803288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       162875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          714                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          714                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       163589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       163589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       163589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       163589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19869380595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19869380595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     64505544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64505544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19933886139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19933886139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  19933886139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19933886139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7712307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7712307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6254570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6254570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17558                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17558                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        14590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     13966877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13966877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     13966877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13966877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121991.592295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121991.592295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 90343.899160                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90343.899160                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121853.462880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121853.462880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121853.462880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121853.462880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8372                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8372                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        98872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        99468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        99468                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99468                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        64003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        64121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        64121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7033898903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7033898903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8296315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8296315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7042195218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7042195218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7042195218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7042195218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109899.518819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109899.518819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 70307.754237                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70307.754237                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109826.659254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109826.659254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109826.659254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109826.659254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              528.743908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              986992147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1862249.333962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.743908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.062090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10888632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10888632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10888632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       10888632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     10888632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      10888632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8225070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8225070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8225070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8225070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8225070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8225070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10888683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10888683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10888683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     10888683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     10888683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     10888683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161275.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161275.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161275.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161275.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161275.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161275.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6626569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6626569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6626569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6626569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6626569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6626569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165664.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165664.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165664.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165664.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165664.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165664.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                64095                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              175151865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                64351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2721.820407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.298231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.701769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.915227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.084773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7551940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7551940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6256146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6256146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17559                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17559                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     13808086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       13808086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     13808086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      13808086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       162562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          718                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          718                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       163280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       163280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       163280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       163280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19796946424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19796946424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     62068640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62068640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19859015064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19859015064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19859015064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19859015064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7714502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7714502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6256864                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6256864                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17559                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17559                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        14595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     13971366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13971366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     13971366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13971366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121780.898513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121780.898513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86446.573816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86446.573816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121625.520970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121625.520970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121625.520970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121625.520970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        98586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        99185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        99185                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99185                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        63976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        64095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        64095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7023427908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7023427908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8040688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8040688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7031468596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7031468596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7031468596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7031468596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109782.229399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109782.229399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 67568.806723                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67568.806723                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109703.855153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109703.855153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109703.855153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109703.855153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              494.318480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              984602526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1989096.012121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.318480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.063010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11018965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11018965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11018965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11018965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11018965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11018965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8433650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8433650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8433650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8433650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8433650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8433650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11019014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11019014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11019014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11019014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11019014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11019014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172115.306122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172115.306122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172115.306122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172115.306122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172115.306122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172115.306122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6942909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6942909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6942909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6942909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6942909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6942909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173572.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173572.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173572.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173572.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173572.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173572.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                32659                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              158094370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                32915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4803.110132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.264988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.735012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8789168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8789168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6528472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6528472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16855                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16855                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15317640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15317640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15317640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15317640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        83964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        83964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        85773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        85773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        85773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        85773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9066181761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9066181761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    124413972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    124413972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9190595733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9190595733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9190595733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9190595733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8873132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8873132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6530281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6530281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16855                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15403413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15403413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15403413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15403413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107977.011112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107977.011112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 68774.998342                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68774.998342                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107150.218985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107150.218985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107150.218985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107150.218985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       177247                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 22155.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7054                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7054                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        51491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        53114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        53114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        32659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3223917042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3223917042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14483689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14483689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3238400731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3238400731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3238400731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3238400731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99279.926154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99279.926154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 77869.295699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77869.295699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99157.988028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99157.988028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99157.988028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99157.988028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              560.407662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              898740044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1593510.716312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.249710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.157952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.056490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10924197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10924197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10924197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10924197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10924197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10924197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6917783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6917783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6917783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6917783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6917783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6917783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10924241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10924241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10924241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10924241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10924241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10924241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157222.340909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157222.340909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157222.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157222.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157222.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157222.340909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5895316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5895316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5895316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5895316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5895316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5895316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159332.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159332.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159332.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159332.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159332.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159332.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                49282                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              216599524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                49538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4372.391376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   200.197173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    55.802827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.782020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.217980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16084332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16084332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3089499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3089499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7295                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7295                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7248                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     19173831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       19173831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     19173831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      19173831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       170994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       170994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       171300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       171300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       171300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       171300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19206044355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19206044355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     26384436                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26384436                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19232428791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19232428791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19232428791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19232428791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16255326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16255326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3089805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3089805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7295                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7295                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7248                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7248                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     19345131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19345131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     19345131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19345131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112319.989912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112319.989912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86223.647059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86223.647059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112273.372977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112273.372977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112273.372977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112273.372977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            5883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       121775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       121775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       122018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       122018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       122018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       122018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        49219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        49282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        49282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5090311214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5090311214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4082982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4082982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5094394196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5094394196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5094394196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5094394196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103421.670778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103421.670778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64809.238095                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64809.238095                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103372.310296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103372.310296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103372.310296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103372.310296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              527.843410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              986994558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1865774.211720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.843410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.060646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10891043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10891043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10891043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       10891043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10891043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      10891043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7602365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7602365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7602365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7602365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7602365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7602365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10891091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10891091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10891091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     10891091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10891091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     10891091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158382.604167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158382.604167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158382.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158382.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158382.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158382.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6467091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6467091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6467091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6467091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6467091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6467091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165822.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165822.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165822.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165822.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165822.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165822.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                64112                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              175147815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                64368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2721.038637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.295031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.704969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.915215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.084785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7550083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7550083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6254091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6254091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17427                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17427                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13804174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       13804174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13804174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      13804174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       162764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       162764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       163484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       163484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       163484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       163484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19821181599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19821181599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     61737382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61737382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19882918981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19882918981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19882918981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19882918981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7712847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7712847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6254811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6254811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17427                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17427                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        14589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     13967658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13967658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     13967658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13967658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121778.658665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121778.658665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85746.363889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85746.363889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121619.968810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121619.968810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121619.968810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121619.968810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        98771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        99372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        99372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        99372                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        99372                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        63993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        64112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        64112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6993832564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6993832564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7964122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7964122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7001796686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7001796686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7001796686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7001796686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109290.587471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109290.587471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66925.394958                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66925.394958                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109211.952302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109211.952302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109211.952302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109211.952302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
