
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106039                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106039293207                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               633141356115                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 316134                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   399106                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1906110                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67607036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55631.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17586921044                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22202782727                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2535936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2479616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1358208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1807360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2441344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2540416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3650944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4065280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1379456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      3629440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1794944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1370368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1372416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3621504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1770240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2413824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             38307328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12917504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12917504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        19372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        10611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        14120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        19073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        19847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        28523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        31760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        10777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        28355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        14023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        10706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        10722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        28293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        13830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        18858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                299276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          100918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               100918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        43456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     23915059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23383936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     12808535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17044248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        44663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23023013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        43456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23957308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34430105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     38337487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        41041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13008914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     34227312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16927159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     12923209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     12942523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     34152472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     16694189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     22763486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               361255973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        43456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        44663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        43456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        41041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             717017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         121818088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              121818088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         121818088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        43456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     23915059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        41041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23383936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        43456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     12808535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        48284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17044248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        44663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23023013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        43456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23957308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        45870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34430105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     38337487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        41041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13008914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        45870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     34227312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16927159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     12923209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        42248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     12942523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     34152472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     16694189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     22763486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              483074061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254290872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20688790                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16964545                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022181                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8583549                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8088666                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122897                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91207                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197381877                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117591279                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20688790                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10211563                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25864483                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5739454                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6511474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12157503                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2007077                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233443720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207579237     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2802229      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3236688      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1780662      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2069332      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1128008      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         765955      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2006240      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12075369      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233443720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081359                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.462428                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195795283                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      8128264                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25658412                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       194759                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3666996                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3359810                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18890                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143547012                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93921                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3666996                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196098325                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2865407                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4404766                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25563032                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       845188                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143461154                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       221927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       393574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199366627                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668003979                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668003979                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291697                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29074903                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37505                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2258148                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13689191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7464723                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196992                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1656889                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143251363                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135384169                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187826                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17893937                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41359900                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4142                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233443720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176402740     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22936755      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12328823      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8533935      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7461095      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3825415      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       914534      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594080      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446343      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233443720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35660     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125491     42.90%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131341     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113319975     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119279      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12517139      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7411192      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135384169                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.532399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            292492                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504692373                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161184151                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133147997                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135676661                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       342118                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2405509                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          888                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1262                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164052                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8292                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            5                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3666996                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2369203                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       146940                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143289081                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57047                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13689191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7464723                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20884                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103714                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1262                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172274                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1136131                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2308405                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133397380                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11754944                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1986786                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 127                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19164418                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18667150                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7409474                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.524586                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133150224                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133147997                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79141212                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207290756                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523605                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381788                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000004                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20602327                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33449                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2033869                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229776724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179664703     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23236480     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9736550      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5853554      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4051194      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2618172      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1356712      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093125      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2166234      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229776724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584353                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283682                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607969                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496074                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2166234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          370900038                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290247532                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3020572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              20847152                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687897                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.542909                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.542909                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393250                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393250                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      601753039                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184793532                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     133975100                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254290872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19316645                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17242681                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1534980                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12785901                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12586170                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1159564                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46315                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203986383                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            109716667                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19316645                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     13745734                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24455976                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5043000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3093048                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12338136                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1506990                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    235034761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      210578785     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3724500      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1885879      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3682566      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1183483      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3404253      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         538550      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         873843      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        9162902      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    235034761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075963                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.431461                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      201468808                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5657166                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24407931                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        19597                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3481258                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1830743                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        18096                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    122757076                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        34172                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3481258                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      201749484                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3413929                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1383449                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24149762                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       856873                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    122581416                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        95454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       688469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    160685886                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    555594866                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    555594866                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    130319666                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30366200                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16482                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8342                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1851593                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     22069802                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3599739                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23495                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       822310                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        121949684                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16538                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       114200500                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73809                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21995406                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45011431                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235034761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184935284     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15837591      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16706257      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9732511      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5011710      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1256140      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1491037      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34748      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29483      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235034761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191528     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78212     23.39%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64692     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89575467     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896872      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8142      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20150246     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3569773      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    114200500                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.449094                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334432                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463844002                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143961932                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111308093                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    114534932                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90228                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4485122                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          309                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        87967                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3481258                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2299393                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       105424                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121966313                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13017                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22069802                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3599739                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8337                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40946                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2297                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          309                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1034010                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594459                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1628469                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112753198                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19863879                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1447302                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           23433474                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17136863                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3569595                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.443402                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            111332649                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           111308093                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        67345541                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       146797566                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.437720                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458765                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88642073                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     99819052                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22152224                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16418                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1525312                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231553503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194377009     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14612594      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9382963      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2954818      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4898280      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956555      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607344      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555401      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3208539      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231553503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     88642073                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     99819052                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             21096447                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            17584675                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15313340                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        87239581                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1250077                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3208539                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          350315915                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         247426544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4526041                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              19256111                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          88642073                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            99819052                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     88642073                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.868738                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.868738                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.348585                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.348585                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      524060971                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     145054708                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     130335937                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254290872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       23051534                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19192168                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2091766                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8807736                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8436184                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2479931                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97123                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200544270                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            126445712                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          23051534                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10916115                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            26357867                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5822539                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      6786521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12450964                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1999565                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    237400410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      211042543     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1617389      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2040144      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3243467      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1356951      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1750215      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2036972      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         933456      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       13379273      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    237400410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.497248                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      199362729                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      8081624                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        26232574                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        12284                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3711197                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3509364                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          556                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    154560904                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2687                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3711197                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      199565264                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        646845                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      6870084                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        26042448                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       564565                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    153607824                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        81050                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       393995                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    214542151                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    714329580                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    714329580                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    179618073                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       34924075                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        37205                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19392                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1984918                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     14378915                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7524326                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84017                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1699657                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        149987417                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37339                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       143925012                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       144478                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18133651                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36879483                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1405                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237400410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176419373     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27810036     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11374603      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6371930      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8632962      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2658610      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2616039      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1406008      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110849      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237400410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        992099     79.03%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       134919     10.75%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128296     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121250331     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1967425      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17813      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13188073      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7501370      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    143925012                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565986                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1255314                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526650226                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168159086                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140185603                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    145180326                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106128                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2704524                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          680                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105804                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          105                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3711197                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        492338                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62183                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150024763                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117370                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14378915                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7524326                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19392                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54353                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          680                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1237665                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1176966                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2414631                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141423319                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12973870                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2501693                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           20474527                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       20002017                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7500657                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.556148                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            140186039                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           140185603                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        83992395                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       225614342                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.551281                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372283                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104498151                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    128766210                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21259136                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35934                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2109684                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233689213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179192858     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27619833     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10023668      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4997059      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4568874      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1919427      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1899970      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904779      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2562745      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233689213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    104498151                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    128766210                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             19092913                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11674391                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             17926                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         18664552                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       115931360                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2659024                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2562745                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          381151086                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         303761907                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3038199                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              16890462                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         104498151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           128766210                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    104498151                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.433449                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.433449                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.410939                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.410939                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      636348128                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     195881979                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     142953520                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        35904                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254290872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20950535                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17142336                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2050960                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8752986                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8253287                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2166050                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93594                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201890492                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            117110725                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20950535                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10419337                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24457669                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5585319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4757899                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12352147                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2052612                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    234613799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      210156130     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1144838      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1814562      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2454170      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2523891      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2135843      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1193302      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1772928      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11418135      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    234613799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082388                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460538                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      199837103                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6828554                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24413966                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        26814                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3507360                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3448267                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    143718939                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2003                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3507360                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      200386893                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1409830                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4162538                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23897908                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1249268                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    143666597                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       171018                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       544379                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    200481280                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    668328918                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    668328918                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    173960378                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       26520897                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35944                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18843                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3737560                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13455920                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7288266                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85977                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1725722                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        143492323                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36072                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       136343942                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18542                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15751136                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37587508                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1582                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234613799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176906953     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23735679     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12027682      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9063390      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7119227      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2875467      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1815009      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944704      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125688      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234613799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25385     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83027     36.66%     47.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118052     52.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114674134     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2032014      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17099      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12355470      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7265225      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    136343942                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536173                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226464                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507546689                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159280083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134290901                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    136570406                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       277964                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2154761                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          554                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98868                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3507360                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1126055                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122023                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143528541                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55040                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13455920                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7288266                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103127                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          554                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1193714                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150191                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2343905                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134454743                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11626018                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1889199                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18890972                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19111060                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7264954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528744                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            134291141                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           134290901                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        77091141                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       207722906                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528100                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371125                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101407629                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    124780943                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18747634                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34490                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2076829                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231106439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179926927     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25364433     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9582782      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4566879      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3851355      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2209161      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1933654      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       872824      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2798424      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231106439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    101407629                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    124780943                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18490554                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11301156                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17206                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17993687                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       112426061                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2569505                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2798424                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          371835890                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         290564575                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3060491                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19677073                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         101407629                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           124780943                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    101407629                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.507611                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.507611                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398786                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398786                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      605162472                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     187072024                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     133226133                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        34460                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254290872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20703495                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16977522                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023374                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8580464                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8097981                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2124289                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91122                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197540246                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            117666181                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20703495                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10222270                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25882251                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5739623                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      6415678                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12166154                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2007994                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    233522943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      207640692     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2803226      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3241400      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1782555      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2070869      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1129189      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         768424      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        2005576      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       12081012      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    233522943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081417                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462723                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      195950408                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      8035768                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25676195                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       194737                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3665829                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3361008                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        18940                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    143629763                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        93762                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3665829                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      196254185                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2890932                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4282489                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        25579940                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       849562                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    143542816                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       224760                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       394554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    199482928                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    668378307                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    668378307                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    170436198                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       29046730                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        37619                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20978                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2262616                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13693063                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7469188                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       198168                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1657050                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        143334242                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37693                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       135473819                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186624                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17867885                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41304295                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4216                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233522943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176432980     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22968811      9.84%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12332608      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8540298      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7467011      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3824965      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       914705      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594721      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446844      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233522943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35647     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124814     42.71%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131781     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113396917     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2120387      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16598      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12524132      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7415785      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    135473819                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.532751                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            292242                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002157                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504949447                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161241102                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133243182                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    135766061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       344088                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2399825                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          862                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1286                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       162339                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8297                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3665829                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2389732                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148188                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143372053                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56904                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13693063                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7469188                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20972                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104104                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1286                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173850                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1135477                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2309327                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133490972                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11763881                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1982847                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           19177898                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18680777                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7414017                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.524954                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            133245232                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           133243182                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        79196148                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       207413767                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523979                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381827                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100084815                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    122791975                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20581444                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2035092                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229857114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179701132     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23256634     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9744030      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5861792      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4054712      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2619814      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1357064      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093885      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2168051      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229857114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    100084815                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    122791975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18600087                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11293238                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             16702                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17573731                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       110701790                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2498194                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2168051                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          371061806                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         290412753                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3022197                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              20767929                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         100084815                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           122791975                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    100084815                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.540754                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.540754                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393584                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393584                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      602186482                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     184926226                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     134062765                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        33446                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254290872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20690416                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16968792                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025143                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8550893                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8086180                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2120167                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90246                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197335018                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            117609149                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20690416                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10206347                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25870940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5753736                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      6466543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12158544                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2009852                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    233369728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      207498788     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2802650      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3238621      1.39%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1780889      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2070118      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1125073      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         765521      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        2006554      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       12081514      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    233369728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081365                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.462499                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      195752450                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      8079813                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25664708                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       194419                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3678332                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3357335                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18896                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    143588046                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        93486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3678332                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      196056757                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2895835                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      4326671                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        25567694                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       844433                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    143496217                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       221003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       394143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    199401167                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    668170613                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    668170613                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    170192021                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       29209141                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        37393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20801                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2266493                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13701320                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7464863                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197228                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1658712                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        143272928                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37471                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       135352159                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       189030                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17986768                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41651739                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4042                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233369728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176348280     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22919120      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12326001      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8539985      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7459298      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3824421      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       912578      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594043      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446002      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233369728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35559     12.09%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127452     43.33%     55.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131135     44.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113294720     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2117314      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16574      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12513714      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7409837      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    135352159                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.532273                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            294146                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002173                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504557222                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161298452                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133109721                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    135646305                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       341668                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2424239                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          842                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1289                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       168455                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8287                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3678332                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2395088                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       147360                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143310521                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57757                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13701320                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7464863                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20776                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104806                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1289                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172341                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1139848                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2312189                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133363501                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11752143                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1988658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           19159591                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18658382                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7407448                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.524453                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            133111807                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           133109721                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        79124819                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       207283359                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.523455                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381723                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99941509                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    122616103                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20695690                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33429                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2036793                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229691396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179608988     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23223507     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9733952      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5844694      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4049812      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2614468      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1358042      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092694      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2165239      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229691396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     99941509                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    122616103                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18573486                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11277078                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16678                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17548538                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       110543242                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2494610                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2165239                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          370837274                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         290301998                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3024461                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              20921144                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          99941509                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           122616103                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     99941509                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.544397                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.544397                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      601571777                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     184742524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     133985086                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        33398                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254290872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20627096                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16870209                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2008756                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8524242                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8136698                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121295                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89172                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200098553                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            117078849                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20627096                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10257993                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24533092                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5840112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3520779                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12301510                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024745                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    231939637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      207406545     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1331599      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2101676      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3345846      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1384624      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1543652      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1656718      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1076068      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       12092909      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    231939637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081116                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460413                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      198260275                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5373669                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24456649                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        62286                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3786757                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3381290                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          457                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    142958022                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2973                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3786757                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      198564119                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1713758                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2785027                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24220515                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       869448                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    142876054                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        24610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       245040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       328627                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        38923                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    198364287                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    664673657                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    664673657                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    169374192                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       28990090                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        36356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2623820                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13603329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7318018                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220516                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1661111                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        142675807                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       135027270                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       165716                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18101546                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40315502                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3431                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231939637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175018383     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22840555      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12488351      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8518575      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7969442      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2291967      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1787850      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       606527      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417987      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231939637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31438     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97537     38.72%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122915     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113112862     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2137302      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16377      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12477534      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7283195      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    135027270                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530995                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            251890                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502411783                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160815320                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132866252                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    135279160                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       406774                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2424577                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          354                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       211619                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8445                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3786757                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1151191                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119532                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142712409                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13603329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7318018                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19962                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        87401                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1146857                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2321282                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133115231                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11736687                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1912039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           19018090                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18726320                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7281403                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523476                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            132867294                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           132866252                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        77683892                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       202971850                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522497                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382732                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99489434                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    121948452                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20764162                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33031                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2051398                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228152879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178649664     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23973989     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9332224      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5028617      2.20%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3765976      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2102435      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1295861      0.57%     98.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1159985      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2844128      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228152879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     99489434                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    121948452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18285151                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11178752                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17505092                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       109884733                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2477335                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2844128                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          368020702                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         289212184                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3225968                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              22351235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          99489434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           121948452                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     99489434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.555959                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.555959                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.391243                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.391243                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      600291717                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     184175664                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     133347831                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        33000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254290872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19782796                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17851696                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1036960                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7582697                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7079001                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1093670                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45929                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209754512                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            124452589                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19782796                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      8172671                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24610570                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3251352                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      5010674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12038909                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1042201                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    241564237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      216953667     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         877949      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1795380      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         754595      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        4094637      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3639780      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         708486      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1476507      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11263236      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    241564237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077796                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.489410                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      208582250                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      6195848                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24520289                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        77868                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2187977                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1735634                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          505                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    145933140                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2774                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2187977                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      208793921                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       4460559                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1071044                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24400905                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       649824                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    145857782                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           96                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       276867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       235474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4411                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    171240155                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    687021842                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    687021842                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    152009456                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       19230693                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        16929                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8543                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1640691                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     34425771                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     17416074                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158643                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       846778                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        145576899                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16980                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       140020847                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72593                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11141585                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26664356                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           78                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241564237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191830724     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14878765      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12225622      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5284319      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6697214      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6489926      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3685905      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290131      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       181631      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241564237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354912     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2763740     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80085      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87829463     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1223050      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8386      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33581762     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17378186     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    140020847                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.550633                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3198737                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524877261                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156739024                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138829355                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    143219584                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252112                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1314841                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          581                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3568                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103309                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12403                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2187977                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       4092751                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       184919                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145593957                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34425771                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17416074                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8542                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126067                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3568                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       605996                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       610149                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1216145                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139043355                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33467870                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       977492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           50844634                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18217475                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         17376764                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.546789                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            138833728                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           138829355                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        74972522                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       147694635                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.545947                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507618                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112828090                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    132591875                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13016796                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16902                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1059782                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239376260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191315989     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17522666      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8228444      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8134603      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2212897      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9468054      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       708387      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515428      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1269792      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239376260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    112828090                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    132591875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             50423687                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            33110927                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8438                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17509322                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       117906299                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1284350                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1269792                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          383714801                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         293405528                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4600686                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              12726635                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         112828090                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           132591875                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    112828090                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.253790                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.253790                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443697                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443697                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      687420382                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     161212216                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     173806306                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16876                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254290872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       23048536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19190128                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2092371                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8792454                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8434892                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2480860                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97177                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200523266                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            126425945                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          23048536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10915752                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            26355358                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5825223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      6768901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12450103                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2000261                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    237361355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      211005997     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1616254      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2041754      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3243874      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1355585      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1747371      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2037563      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         933786      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       13379171      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    237361355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090638                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.497171                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      199342645                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      8063167                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        26229886                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        12385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3713270                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3508458                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          560                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    154549952                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2316                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3713270                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      199544612                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        646971                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      6852135                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        26040291                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       564069                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    153598489                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        80967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       393335                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    214528143                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    714300799                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    714300799                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    179587587                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       34940546                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        37232                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19422                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1983020                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     14385398                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7523377                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84693                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1697904                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        149980951                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37370                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       143905905                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       144712                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18148722                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36955263                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1444                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237361355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176389663     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27803072     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11372425      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6373289      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8633828      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2659161      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2613394      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1405549      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110974      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237361355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        992263     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       135188     10.77%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128325     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121232940     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966925      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17810      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13187866      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7500364      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    143905905                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565911                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1255776                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008726                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526573652                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168167731                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140167264                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    145161681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107000                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2712970                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          690                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106110                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           96                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3713270                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        492639                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61987                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150018328                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117515                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14385398                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7523377                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19422                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54090                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          690                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1238709                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1177110                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2415819                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141406191                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12972947                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2499713                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           20472627                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19998986                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7499680                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.556080                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            140167684                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           140167264                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        83983708                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       225621957                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.551208                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372232                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104480404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    128744398                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21274498                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35926                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2110289                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233648085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179163663     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27612287     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10022781      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4994932      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4568211      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1918691      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1900000      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904706      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2562814      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233648085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    104480404                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    128744398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             19089692                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11672425                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             17922                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18661409                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       115911714                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2658579                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2562814                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          381103439                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         303751089                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3039033                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              16929517                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         104480404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           128744398                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    104480404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.433862                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.433862                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.410870                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.410870                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      636268889                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     195858008                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     142931068                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        35896                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254290872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20628587                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16870789                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2009571                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8527907                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8137884                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122018                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89679                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200120744                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            117093640                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20628587                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10259902                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24536146                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5844920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3517316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12303998                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025989                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    231965452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      207429306     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1332906      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2101315      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3345672      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1384070      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1544862      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1656685      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1076560      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12094076      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    231965452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081122                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.460471                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      198283484                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5369255                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24459517                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        62414                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3790781                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3382298                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          468                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    142974003                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3002                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3790781                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      198587321                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1718906                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2773666                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24223744                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       871021                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    142892842                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        24173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       246601                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       328722                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39522                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    198389874                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    664754946                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    664754946                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    169355758                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       29034109                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        36236                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19860                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2622907                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13605386                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7316355                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220763                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1657707                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        142693406                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       135031422                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       165630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18135498                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40388516                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3309                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231965452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175039882     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22845031      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12487684      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8518655      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7969565      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2293308      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1786851      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       606656      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417820      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231965452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31384     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97325     38.69%     51.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122823     48.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113116953     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2137811      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16375      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12477960      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7282323      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    135031422                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.531012                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            251532                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502445458                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160866742                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132869006                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    135282954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       407018                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2427856                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          375                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1533                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       210756                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8425                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3790781                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1153630                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120140                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142729881                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13605386                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7316355                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19843                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88029                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1533                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1175447                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1146206                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2321653                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133117847                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11735660                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1913575                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19016255                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18726111                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7280595                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523487                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            132869998                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           132869006                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        77686247                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       202981718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522508                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382725                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99478554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    121935115                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20794970                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33028                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2052172                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228174671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178673477     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23975141     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9330954      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5028345      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3766225      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2102121      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1295522      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1158694      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2844192      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228174671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99478554                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    121935115                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18283127                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11177528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17503190                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       109872694                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2477057                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2844192                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          368059901                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         289251157                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3226699                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              22325420                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99478554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           121935115                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99478554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.556238                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.556238                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.391200                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.391200                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      600302643                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     184179472                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     133361121                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        32998                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254290872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20952901                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17144603                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2049972                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8757433                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8253518                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2166733                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93462                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201921814                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            117124048                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20952901                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10420251                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24460552                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5581298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      4765330                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12352303                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2051608                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    234652389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      210191837     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1144305      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1815744      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2454661      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2526389      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2135455      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1189920      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1772627      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11421451      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    234652389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082397                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460591                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      199867249                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6837128                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24417419                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        26274                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3504317                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3448183                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    143734179                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3504317                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      200416691                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1409722                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      4172736                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23901436                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1247485                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    143681995                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       169950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       544171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    200509048                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    668400346                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    668400346                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    174027860                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       26481164                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        35972                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3733548                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13457014                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7290698                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85531                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1742529                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        143509131                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36099                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       136374121                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18651                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15721752                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37526985                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1595                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234652389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176916415     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23761653     10.13%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12036023      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9057917      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7118213      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2874849      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1816869      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       945240      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125210      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234652389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25625     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83014     36.61%     47.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118106     52.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114696636     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2032659      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17105      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12360470      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7267251      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    136374121                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536292                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226745                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507646027                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159267536                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134320833                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    136600866                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       278491                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2151459                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          132                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          556                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98505                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3504317                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1125943                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121581                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143545379                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55038                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13457014                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7290698                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18867                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102881                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          556                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1194386                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1149367                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2343753                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134484729                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11630446                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1889392                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 149                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18897417                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19117048                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7266971                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.528862                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            134321084                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           134320833                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        77106325                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       207754437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528217                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371142                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101446955                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    124829355                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18716026                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2075856                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231148072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179938062     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25384685     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9586576      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4567155      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3859724      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2210091      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1930133      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873264      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2798382      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231148072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    101446955                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    124829355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18497735                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11305550                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18000664                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       112469702                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2570510                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2798382                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          371894369                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         290595169                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3059928                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19638483                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         101446955                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           124829355                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    101446955                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.506639                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.506639                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398941                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398941                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      605299692                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     187116163                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     133244841                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        34474                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254290870                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       23045879                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19188572                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2092978                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8829268                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8438177                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2479461                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97639                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200543428                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            126421681                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          23045879                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10917638                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            26354922                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5819467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      6808337                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12451202                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2000407                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    237414182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      211059260     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1616731      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2046031      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3245747      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1354711      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1748708      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2037683      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         931077      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       13374234      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    237414182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090628                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.497154                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      199362995                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      8102434                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        26229289                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        12518                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3706944                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3507266                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          552                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    154508170                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2675                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3706944                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      199565533                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        648580                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      6889120                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        26039405                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       564593                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    153553555                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        81441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       394122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    214494530                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    714083387                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    714083387                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    179603476                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       34891054                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        37294                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19481                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1983254                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     14360269                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7519920                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85103                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1699083                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        149932577                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37430                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       143894619                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141755                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18096173                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36736863                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1499                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237414182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176440736     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27809593     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11375650      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6367079      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8633906      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2654614      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2615317      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1406403      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110884      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237414182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        991855     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133112     10.62%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128309     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121229291     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1967876      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17812      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13182415      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7497225      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    143894619                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.565866                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1253276                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526598451                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168066867                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140158052                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    145147895                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107246                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2686797                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          691                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101981                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           61                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3706944                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        493908                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62250                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149970014                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14360269                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7519920                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19481                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54316                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          691                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1240138                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174636                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2414774                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141392257                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12969588                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2502362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           20466356                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       19998546                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7496768                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.556026                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            140158335                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           140158052                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        83977532                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       225556818                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.551172                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372312                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104489692                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    128755846                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21214762                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35931                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2110886                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233707238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179215426     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27615325     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10023846      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4999186      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4566926      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1920973      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1898569      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904608      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2562379      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233707238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    104489692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    128755846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             19091411                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11673472                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             17924                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         18663066                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       115922037                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2658821                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2562379                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          381114739                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         303648182                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3038754                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              16876688                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         104489692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           128755846                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    104489692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.433646                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.433646                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.410906                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.410906                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      636222643                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     195857466                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     142924913                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        35902                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254290872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       23046401                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19189068                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2094716                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8790650                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8434311                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2479564                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200508633                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            126410909                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          23046401                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10913875                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            26352241                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5830462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      6834483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12451790                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2002965                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    237412092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      211059851     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1615757      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2042662      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3244488      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1355704      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1746631      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2036548      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         932925      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13377526      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    237412092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090630                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.497111                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      199327778                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      8128572                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        26227073                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        12485                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3716182                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3507449                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          553                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    154526979                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2669                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3716182                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      199530125                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        648059                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      6916058                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        26037276                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       564385                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    153577201                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        81464                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       393352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    214503695                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    714186834                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    714186834                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    179527586                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34976109                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        37253                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19449                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1984603                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14380907                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7520305                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84598                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1701214                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        149955663                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37391                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       143877275                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       145089                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18161545                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36958133                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1476                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237412092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176450478     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27801034     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11369335      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6373335      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8628476      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2659830      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2613645      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1405030      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110929      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237412092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        992753     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       135004     10.75%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128230     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121212609     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966563      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17804      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13182497      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7497802      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    143877275                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.565798                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1255987                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008730                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526567718                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168155292                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140136901                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    145133262                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107151                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2712354                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          696                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105493                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           45                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3716182                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        493012                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62072                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149993060                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14380907                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7520305                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19449                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54209                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          696                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1240214                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1178238                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2418452                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141375761                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12969006                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2501514                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20466096                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19994785                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7497090                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.555961                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            140137367                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           140136901                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        83961748                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       225562797                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.551089                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372232                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104445544                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    128701483                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21292194                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35915                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2112651                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233695910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179227631     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27604331     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10021902      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4993148      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4565797      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1916756      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1899504      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904816      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2562025      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233695910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    104445544                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    128701483                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             19083365                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11668553                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17916                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18655180                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       115873091                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2657699                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2562025                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          381126834                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         303703553                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3041582                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              16878780                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         104445544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           128701483                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    104445544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.434674                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.434674                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.410733                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.410733                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      636129926                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     195821901                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     142910563                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        35886                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254290872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20605270                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16850632                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2014900                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8654291                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8143361                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121027                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89431                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200153792                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            116881502                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20605270                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10264388                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24507633                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5836257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3504956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12307069                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2030600                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    231943529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      207435896     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1332069      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2104965      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3344529      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1381202      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1552246      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1647294      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1076904      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12068424      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    231943529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081030                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.459637                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      198311319                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5361727                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24431735                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        62061                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3776686                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3378891                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          463                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    142745968                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         3039                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3776686                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      198616497                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1721397                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      2759626                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24193859                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       875451                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    142662744                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        26090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       245260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       328712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        43724                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    198074436                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    663632733                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    663632733                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    169271751                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       28802685                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        36381                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20010                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2631845                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13602830                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7307675                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220379                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1656393                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        142465211                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36482                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       134927194                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       165983                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17954256                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39755078                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3470                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231943529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175043455     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22838829      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12500665      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8507951      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7952565      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2288395      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1787912      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       606581      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417176      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231943529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31423     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98207     38.90%     51.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122808     48.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113035024     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2129465      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16367      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12473758      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7272580      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    134927194                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530602                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252438                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502216338                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160457444                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132752395                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    135179632                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       406803                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2430829                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          336                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1523                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       205584                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8430                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3776686                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1152170                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121397                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142501829                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13602830                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7307675                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19993                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89277                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1523                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180462                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1146187                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2326649                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133001571                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11731670                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1925623                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19002484                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18717612                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7270814                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523029                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            132753457                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           132752395                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        77621059                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       202768858                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522049                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382806                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99429257                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    121874712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20627347                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33012                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2057619                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228166843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178684814     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23963817     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9332404      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5024636      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3764594      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2102400      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296370      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1158881      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2838927      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228166843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     99429257                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    121874712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18274092                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11172001                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16470                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17494527                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       109818265                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2475833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2838927                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          367829312                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         288780997                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3230551                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              22347343                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          99429257                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           121874712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     99429257                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.557506                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.557506                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.391006                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.391006                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      599792646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     184026984                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     133136200                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        32982                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254290872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20943245                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17136822                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2053565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8819130                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8258830                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2166055                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93442                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201949254                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117055104                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20943245                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10424885                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24454947                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5583003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      4773311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12356513                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2055087                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    234680324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      210225377     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1146725      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1816157      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2456201      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2524732      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2134252      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1193778      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1773994      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11409108      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    234680324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082359                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460320                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      199899050                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      6840825                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24411153                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        26857                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3502437                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3446290                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143663285                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1987                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3502437                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      200447323                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1417309                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      4171027                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23896699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1245527                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143609921                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       170476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       542844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    200411451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    668059006                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    668059006                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    173971783                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       26439655                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        36059                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18958                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         3726808                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13458320                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7286127                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85847                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1776287                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143436731                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36187                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       136328299                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18611                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15689926                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37402433                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1693                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234680324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176927502     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23796698     10.14%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12045424      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9044388      3.85%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7106113      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2875207      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1813756      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       945322      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125914      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234680324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25589     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82990     36.66%     47.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117826     52.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114660164     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2029949      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17100      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12358359      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7262727      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    136328299                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.536112                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226405                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507581938                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159163394                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134271211                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    136554704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       276035                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2156446                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          137                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          553                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96271                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3502437                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1133809                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121786                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143473063                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54127                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13458320                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7286127                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18959                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102981                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          553                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1198314                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1148777                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2347091                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134435180                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11626493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1893119                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18888953                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19110393                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7262460                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.528667                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            134271446                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           134271211                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        77081280                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       207687922                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.528022                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371140                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101414285                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    124789051                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18684067                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34494                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2079441                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231177887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179957923     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25400374     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9584689      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4565156      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3872523      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2209770      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1920653      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873421      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2793378      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231177887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    101414285                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    124789051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18491730                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11301874                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17208                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17994823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       112433383                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2569664                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2793378                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          371856925                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290448733                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3062506                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19610548                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         101414285                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           124789051                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    101414285                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.507446                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.507446                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.398812                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.398812                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      605074556                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     187053227                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     133168210                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        34464                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254290872                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20693802                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16971188                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2026926                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8545756                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8094111                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121285                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90212                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197588977                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            117618550                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20693802                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10215396                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            25882612                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5744874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      6417004                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12171793                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2012221                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    233575114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      207692502     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        2803908      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        3251041      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        1782469      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2070133      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1127703      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         763315      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        2001556      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12082487      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    233575114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081378                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.462535                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      196002038                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      8033868                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25676779                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       194816                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3667607                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3357830                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        18914                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    143594008                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        93787                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3667607                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      196305323                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2791940                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      4383425                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        25581368                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       845445                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    143508541                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       220492                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       395246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    199440600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    668238606                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    668238606                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    170408096                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       29032504                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        37484                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20858                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2258496                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13695060                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7465106                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1651538                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        143299582                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37554                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       135443155                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       184083                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17857265                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41297856                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4085                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233575114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176499485     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22960633      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12331536      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8537437      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7465881      3.20%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3824377      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       914882      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594626      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446257      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233575114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35016     11.95%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       126200     43.07%     55.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131800     44.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113378969     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119297      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16595      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12516558      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7411736      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    135443155                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.532631                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            293016                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504938523                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161195686                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133208802                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    135736171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       343521                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2403690                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          874                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1288                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       159487                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8299                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3667607                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2295215                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145286                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143337260                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57747                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13695060                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7465106                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20839                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102367                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1288                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174513                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1139200                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2313713                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133456031                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11758987                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1987124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 124                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           19168834                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18674937                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7409847                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.524816                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            133210758                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           133208802                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        79182210                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       207418112                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.523844                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381752                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100068187                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    122771713                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20566723                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33469                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2038628                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229907507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179761618     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23254592     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9741439      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5855074      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4056354      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2616576      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1360433      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093241      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2168180      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229907507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    100068187                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    122771713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18596989                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11291370                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17570863                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       110683503                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2497790                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2168180                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          371077087                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         290344554                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3027029                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              20715758                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         100068187                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           122771713                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    100068187                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.541176                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.541176                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393519                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393519                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      602020071                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     184888264                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     134006900                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        33438                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         299450                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32760.857418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2241131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         332215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           6.746026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           220.505493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.011064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1812.310828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.849718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1727.482632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.982839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1043.165120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.547156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1327.061157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.083270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1824.919465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.124769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1829.291394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     4.485856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2200.970705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.509577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  2836.962157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.662289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1038.734506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     4.078828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2174.122621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.160824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1300.036415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.993410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1035.829328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.876790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1030.338892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     4.163502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  2195.420333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.044139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1292.789297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.913260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1789.043600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           376.481409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           390.263878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           315.513470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           317.523331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           403.535069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           360.326936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           423.147629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           411.721077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           314.904583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           465.091933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           340.762504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           321.379023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           317.932189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           458.331066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           361.433534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           451.038556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.055307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.052719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.031835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.040499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.055692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.055826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.067168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.086577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.031700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.066349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.039674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.031611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.031443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.066999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.039453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.054597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.011489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.011910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.009629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.012315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.010996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.012913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.012565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.009610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.014193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.010399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.009808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.009703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.013987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.013765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        37010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        49839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        25909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        43977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        25941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        44087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        27493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        37173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  550198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           185289                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                185289                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          215                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2476                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        37165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        49915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        26124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        44112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        26154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        44221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        27640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        37328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   552674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35886                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27350                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        37165                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36425                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43920                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        49915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        26124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        44112                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        26154                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26211                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        44221                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        27640                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        37328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  552674                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        31758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                299252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  24                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        31760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 299276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19812                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19372                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10611                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19073                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19847                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        31760                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10777                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28355                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10706                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10722                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28293                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13830                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18858                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                299276                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5543790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3260287358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5223030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3151631708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5818432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1745232620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6044409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2303768292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5688321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3138815784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5414463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3271061732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5789775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4673433773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5826609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5169828472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5344133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1766800184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5841440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4646781554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6218988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2285985003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5623770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1753467574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5275659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1762451021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5875648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4642747604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6013252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2255621106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5966020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3106013592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49025435116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       994240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       400847                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1346864                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       410517                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       724717                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3877185                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5543790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3261281598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5223030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3151631708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5818432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1745232620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6044409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2303768292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5688321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3139216631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5414463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3272408596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5789775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4673433773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5826609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5170238989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5344133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1766800184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5841440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4646781554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6218988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2285985003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5623770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1753467574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5275659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1762451021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5875648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4642747604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6013252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2255621106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5966020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3106738309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      49029312301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5543790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3261281598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5223030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3151631708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5818432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1745232620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6044409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2303768292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5688321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3139216631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5414463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3272408596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5789775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4673433773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5826609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5170238989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5344133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1766800184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5841440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4646781554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6218988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2285985003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5623770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1753467574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5275659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1762451021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5875648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4642747604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6013252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2255621106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5966020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3106738309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     49029312301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        56080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        56108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        56026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              849450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       185289                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            185289                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2500                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        56238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        56272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        56186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               851950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        55258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        41470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        56238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        56272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        36901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        56186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              851950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.288963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.340050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.353586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.394465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.392012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.339195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.390895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.352289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.018987                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.048780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.031250                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.009600                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.287296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.339148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.393730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.388858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.391282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.337969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.390173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.351284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.287296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.339148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.393730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.388858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.391282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.337969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.390173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.351284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153994.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164611.095527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153618.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162690.053066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161623.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164473.906324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151110.225000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163156.394618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153738.405405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164594.430205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150401.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164880.373608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152362.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163847.904253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149400.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162788.225707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157180.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163941.744827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153722.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163878.735814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159461.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163016.829708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160679.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163783.632916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150733.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164377.077131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150657.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164095.274591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154185.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163096.247722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152974.871795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164749.036864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163826.591354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165706.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 133615.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       168358                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 205258.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 144943.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161549.375000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153994.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164611.427317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153618.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162690.053066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161623.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164473.906324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151110.225000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163156.394618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153738.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164589.557542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150401.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164881.775382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152362.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163847.904253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149400.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162790.900157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157180.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163941.744827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153722.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163878.735814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159461.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163016.829708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160679.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163783.632916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150733.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164377.077131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150657.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164095.274591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154185.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163096.247722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152974.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164743.785608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163826.408736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153994.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164611.427317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153618.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162690.053066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161623.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164473.906324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151110.225000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163156.394618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153738.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164589.557542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150401.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164881.775382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152362.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163847.904253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149400.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162790.900157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157180.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163941.744827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153722.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163878.735814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159461.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163016.829708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160679.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163783.632916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150733.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164377.077131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150657.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164095.274591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154185.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163096.247722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152974.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164743.785608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163826.408736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               100918                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    100918                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        31758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           299252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             24                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        31760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            299276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        31760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           299276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3446965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2106753183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3243731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2023093829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3727829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1127360233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3718074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1481476821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3534737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2028182633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3322281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2115636810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3576029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3012465911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3557638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3321218493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3367265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1139292252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3627424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2995721394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3954287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1469361341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3590209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1130080265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3241623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1138094143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3606123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2995154244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3747253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1450302344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3697946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2008008101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31599161411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       644886                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       225579                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       880256                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       294484                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       434244                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2479449                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3446965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2107398069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3243731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2023093829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3727829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1127360233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3718074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1481476821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3534737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2028408212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3322281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2116517066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3576029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3012465911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3557638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3321512977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3367265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1139292252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3627424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2995721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3954287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1469361341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3590209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1130080265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3241623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1138094143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3606123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2995154244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3747253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1450302344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3697946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2008442345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31601640860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3446965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2107398069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3243731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2023093829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3727829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1127360233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3718074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1481476821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3534737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2028408212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3322281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2116517066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3576029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3012465911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3557638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3321512977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3367265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1139292252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3627424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2995721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3954287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1469361341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3590209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1130080265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3241623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1138094143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3606123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2995154244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3747253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1450302344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3697946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2008442345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31601640860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.288963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.340050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.353586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.394465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.392012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.339195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.390895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.334680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.352289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.037037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.018987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.048780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.031250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.287296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.339148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.393730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.388858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.391282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.337969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.390173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.351284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.352420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.350574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.287296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.339148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.393730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.388858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.391282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.337969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.290450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.390173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.351284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95749.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106369.442745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95403.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104433.916426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103550.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106244.485251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92951.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104920.454745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95533.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106354.621552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92285.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106640.294874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94106.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105615.324861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91221.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104578.956263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99037.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105715.157465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95458.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105650.551719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 101391.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104782.239250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 102577.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105555.787876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92617.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106145.695113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92464.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105862.023964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96083.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104866.402314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94819.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106508.677717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105593.818624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       107481                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        75193                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       110032                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       147242                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86848.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103310.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95749.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106369.779376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95403.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104433.916426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103550.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106244.485251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92951.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104920.454745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95533.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106349.720128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92285.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106641.662014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94106.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105615.324861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91221.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104581.642853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99037.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105715.157465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95458.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105650.551719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 101391.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104782.239250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 102577.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105555.787876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92617.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106145.695113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92464.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105862.023964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96083.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104866.402314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94819.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106503.465108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105593.635507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95749.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106369.779376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95403.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104433.916426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103550.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106244.485251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92951.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104920.454745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95533.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106349.720128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 92285.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106641.662014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94106.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105615.324861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91221.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104581.642853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99037.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105715.157465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95458.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105650.551719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 101391.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104782.239250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 102577.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105555.787876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92617.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106145.695113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92464.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105862.023964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96083.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104866.402314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94819.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106503.465108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105593.635507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              517.450645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012165551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1950222.641618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.450645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.056812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12157459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12157459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12157459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12157459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12157459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12157459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7253083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7253083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7253083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7253083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7253083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7253083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12157503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12157503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12157503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12157503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12157503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12157503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164842.795455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164842.795455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164842.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164842.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164842.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164842.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6097672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6097672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6097672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6097672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6097672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6097672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164801.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164801.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164801.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164801.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164801.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164801.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56217                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172659500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3057.381404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.810434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.189566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8579687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8579687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7261078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7261078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15840765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15840765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15840765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15840765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3802                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3802                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       195663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       195663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       195663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       195663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24973027254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24973027254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    483868144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    483868144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25456895398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25456895398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25456895398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25456895398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8771548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8771548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16036428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16036428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16036428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16036428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130162.082205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130162.082205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 127266.739611                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127266.739611                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130105.821734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130105.821734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130105.821734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130105.821734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        59166                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        59166                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           18973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       135806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       139446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       139446                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139446                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5905030544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5905030544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     11467011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11467011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5916497555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5916497555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5916497555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5916497555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105343.511623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105343.511623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70784.018519                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70784.018519                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105243.921856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105243.921856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105243.921856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105243.921856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              558.515925                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              931035274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1656646.395018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.365431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.150494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.053470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12338091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12338091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12338091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12338091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12338091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12338091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6895754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6895754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6895754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6895754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6895754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6895754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12338136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12338136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12338136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12338136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12338136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12338136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153238.977778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153238.977778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153238.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153238.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153238.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153238.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5727284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5727284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5727284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5727284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5727284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5727284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163636.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163636.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163636.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163636.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163636.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163636.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                55258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              224719162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                55514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4047.972800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   203.278431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    52.721569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.794056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.205944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     18138305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18138305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3494841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3494841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8261                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8261                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21633146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       21633146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21633146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      21633146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       192483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       192834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       192834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       192834                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       192834                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21917868105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21917868105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     30414318                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30414318                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21948282423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21948282423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21948282423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21948282423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18330788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18330788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3495192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3495192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8261                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8261                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21825980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21825980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21825980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21825980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113869.111064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113869.111064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86650.478632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86650.478632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113819.567208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113819.567208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113819.567208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113819.567208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       137297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       137576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       137576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        55258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5753437347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5753437347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4758541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4758541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5758195888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5758195888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5758195888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5758195888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104255.379027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104255.379027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66090.847222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66090.847222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104205.651453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104205.651453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104205.651453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104205.651453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              492.339082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1014239875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2057281.693712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    37.339082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.059838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12450917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12450917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12450917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12450917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12450917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12450917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8996846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8996846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8996846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8996846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8996846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8996846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12450964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12450964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12450964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12450964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12450964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12450964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 191422.255319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191422.255319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 191422.255319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191422.255319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 191422.255319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191422.255319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7506889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7506889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7506889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7506889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7506889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7506889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 197549.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197549.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 197549.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197549.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 197549.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197549.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                36934                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              164388867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                37190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4420.243802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.471381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.528619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.911998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.088002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9934778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9934778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7380068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7380068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17952                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17952                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17314846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       17314846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17314846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      17314846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        94732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2185                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2185                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        96917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        96917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        96917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        96917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10103104610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10103104610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    149559051                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    149559051                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10252663661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10252663661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10252663661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10252663661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     10029510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10029510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7382253                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7382253                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        19111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17952                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17411763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17411763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17411763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17411763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106649.332960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106649.332960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 68448.078261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68448.078261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105788.083216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105788.083216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105788.083216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105788.083216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       356756                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 35675.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        58011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        59983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        59983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3596236652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3596236652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     16546140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16546140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3612782792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3612782792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3612782792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3612782792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97934.060946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97934.060946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 77681.408451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77681.408451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97817.263010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97817.263010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97817.263010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97817.263010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              517.086709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1011047930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1951829.980695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    42.086709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.067447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12352095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12352095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12352095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12352095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12352095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12352095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9538053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9538053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9538053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9538053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9538053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9538053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12352147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12352147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12352147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12352147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12352147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12352147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 183424.096154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183424.096154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 183424.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183424.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 183424.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183424.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7998124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7998124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7998124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7998124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7998124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7998124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 186002.883721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186002.883721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 186002.883721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186002.883721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 186002.883721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186002.883721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                41470                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166587099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                41726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3992.405191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.364076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.635924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8500111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8500111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7155418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7155418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17230                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17230                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15655529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15655529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15655529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15655529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       132979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          884                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          884                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       133863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       133863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       133863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       133863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16358628700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16358628700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     76497831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76497831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16435126531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16435126531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16435126531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16435126531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8633090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8633090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7156302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7156302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17230                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17230                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15789392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15789392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15789392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15789392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123016.631949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123016.631949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86536.007919                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86536.007919                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122775.722425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122775.722425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122775.722425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122775.722425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8724                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8724                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        91660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92393                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92393                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        41470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4267012659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4267012659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10163146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10163146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4277175805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4277175805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4277175805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4277175805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103269.988601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103269.988601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67305.602649                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67305.602649                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103139.035568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103139.035568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103139.035568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103139.035568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.468807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1012174200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1946488.846154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.468807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.058444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12166108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12166108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12166108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12166108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12166108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12166108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7660180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7660180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7660180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7660180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7660180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7660180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12166154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12166154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12166154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12166154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12166154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12166154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166525.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166525.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166525.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166525.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166525.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166525.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6346476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6346476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6346476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6346476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6346476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6346476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167012.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167012.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167012.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167012.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167012.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167012.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                56238                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              172670124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                56494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3056.432966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.809042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.190958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.913317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.086683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8584109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8584109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7267228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7267228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16723                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16723                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15851337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15851337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15851337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15851337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       192178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3800                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3800                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       195978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       195978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       195978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       195978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  24933474989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24933474989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    474156052                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    474156052                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25407631041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25407631041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25407631041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25407631041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8776287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8776287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7271028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7271028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16723                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16723                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16047315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16047315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16047315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16047315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129741.567656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129741.567656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124777.908421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124777.908421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129645.322643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129645.322643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129645.322643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129645.322643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           19791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       136098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       139740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       139740                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139740                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        56080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        56238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        56238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5824827633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5824827633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10830775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10830775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5835658408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5835658408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5835658408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5835658408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103866.398591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103866.398591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68549.208861                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68549.208861                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103767.175362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103767.175362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103767.175362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103767.175362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.989956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1012166592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1950224.647399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.989956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.057676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12158500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12158500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12158500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12158500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12158500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12158500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7378564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7378564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7378564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7378564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7378564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7378564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12158544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12158544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12158544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12158544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12158544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12158544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167694.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167694.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167694.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167694.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167694.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167694.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167621.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167621.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167621.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167621.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167621.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167621.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                56272                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              172654320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                56528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3054.315030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.809091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.190909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.913317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.086683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8578862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8578862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7256821                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7256821                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17678                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17678                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15835683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15835683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15835683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15835683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       191972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3816                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3816                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       195788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       195788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       195788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       195788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25021103786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25021103786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    484527209                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    484527209                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25505630995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25505630995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25505630995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25505630995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8770834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8770834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7260637                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7260637                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16031471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16031471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16031471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16031471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 130337.256402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130337.256402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 126972.539046                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126972.539046                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 130271.676482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130271.676482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 130271.676482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130271.676482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           19120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       135864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       139516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       139516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        56108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        56272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        56272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5916125868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5916125868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11902256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11902256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5928028124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5928028124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5928028124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5928028124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105441.752834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105441.752834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 72574.731707                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72574.731707                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105345.964672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105345.964672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105345.964672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105345.964672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              527.659601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1016759506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1922040.654064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.659601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12301461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12301461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12301461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12301461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12301461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12301461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7951798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7951798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7951798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7951798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7951798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7951798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12301510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12301510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12301510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12301510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12301510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12301510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162281.591837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162281.591837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162281.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162281.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162281.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162281.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6400738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6400738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6400738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6400738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6400738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6400738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164121.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164121.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164121.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164121.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164121.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164121.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                72443                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              181304906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                72699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2493.911966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.165712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.834288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8536308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8536308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7072248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7072248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19785                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19785                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16500                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16500                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15608556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15608556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15608556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15608556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       183499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       184314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       184314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       184314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       184314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22299242181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22299242181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     69936083                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69936083                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22369178264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22369178264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22369178264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22369178264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8719807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8719807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7073063                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7073063                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19785                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19785                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16500                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16500                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15792870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15792870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15792870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15792870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121522.418002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121522.418002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85811.144785                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85811.144785                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121364.509826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121364.509826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121364.509826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121364.509826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            9267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       111191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       111871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       111871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       111871                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       111871                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        72308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        72443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        72443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7903024640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7903024640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9004063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9004063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7912028703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7912028703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7912028703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7912028703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109296.684184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109296.684184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66696.762963                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66696.762963                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109217.297779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109217.297779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109217.297779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109217.297779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              579.484223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1041621638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1786658.041166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.448056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.036167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.061615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12038857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12038857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12038857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12038857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12038857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12038857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8020889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8020889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8020889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8020889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8020889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8020889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12038909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12038909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12038909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12038909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12038909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12038909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154247.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154247.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154247.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154247.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154247.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154247.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6237897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6237897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6237897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6237897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6237897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6237897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155947.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155947.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155947.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155947.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155947.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155947.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                81675                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              450440238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                81931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5497.799832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.909080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.090920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     31583725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31583725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17295382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17295382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8449                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8449                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     48879107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       48879107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     48879107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      48879107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       288555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       288555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       288814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       288814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       288814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       288814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34416686107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34416686107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     24325952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24325952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34441012059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34441012059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34441012059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34441012059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     31872280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31872280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17295641                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17295641                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8449                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8449                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8438                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     49167921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49167921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     49167921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49167921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119272.534203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119272.534203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93922.594595                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93922.594595                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119249.801114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119249.801114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119249.801114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119249.801114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           14587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       206958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       206958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       207139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       207139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       207139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       207139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        81597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        81675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        81675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8974588279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8974588279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5938007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5938007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8980526286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8980526286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8980526286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8980526286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109986.743128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109986.743128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76128.294872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76128.294872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109954.408154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109954.408154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109954.408154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109954.408154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              490.436088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1014239015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2065659.908350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.436088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.056789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12450057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12450057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12450057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12450057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12450057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12450057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9033382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9033382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9033382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9033382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9033382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9033382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12450103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12450103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12450103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12450103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12450103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12450103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 196377.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 196377.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 196377.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196377.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 196377.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196377.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7538504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7538504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7538504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7538504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7538504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7538504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 209402.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209402.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 209402.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209402.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 209402.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209402.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                36901                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              164386373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                37157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4424.102403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.469088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.530912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9933488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9933488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7378838                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7378838                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19141                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19141                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17312326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       17312326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17312326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      17312326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        94660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        96827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        96827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        96827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        96827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10116417961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10116417961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    147646580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147646580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10264064541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10264064541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10264064541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10264064541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     10028148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10028148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7381005                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7381005                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19141                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19141                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17948                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17409153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17409153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17409153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17409153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106871.096144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106871.096144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 68134.093216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68134.093216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106004.157322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106004.157322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106004.157322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106004.157322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       291427                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 48571.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        57974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        59926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        59926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        36901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3605732975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3605732975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16590085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16590085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3622323060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622323060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3622323060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622323060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98286.348335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98286.348335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 77163.186047                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77163.186047                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98163.276334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98163.276334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98163.276334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98163.276334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              527.462928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1016761994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1922045.357278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.462928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12303949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12303949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12303949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12303949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12303949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12303949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7763565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7763565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7763565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7763565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7763565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7763565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12303998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12303998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12303998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12303998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12303998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12303998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158440.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158440.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158440.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158440.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158440.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158440.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6367010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6367010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6367010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6367010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6367010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6367010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163256.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163256.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163256.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163256.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163256.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163256.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                72467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              181302876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                72723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2493.061012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.167640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.832360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8535203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8535203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7071448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7071448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19661                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19661                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15606651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15606651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15606651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15606651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       183733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          818                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          818                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       184551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       184551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       184551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       184551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22232252797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22232252797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     70701496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70701496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22302954293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22302954293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22302954293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22302954293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8718936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8718936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7072266                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7072266                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19661                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19661                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15791202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15791202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15791202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15791202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121003.046796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121003.046796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86432.146699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86432.146699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120849.815460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120849.815460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120849.815460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120849.815460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            9265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       111401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       112084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       112084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7890810126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7890810126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9067508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9067508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7899877634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7899877634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7899877634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7899877634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109091.551817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109091.551817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67166.725926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67166.725926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109013.449349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109013.449349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109013.449349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109013.449349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              516.294068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1011048088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1955605.586074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    41.294068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.066176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12352253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12352253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12352253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12352253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12352253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12352253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10004782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10004782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10004782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10004782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10004782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10004782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12352303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12352303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12352303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12352303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12352303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12352303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 200095.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 200095.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 200095.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200095.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 200095.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200095.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8337617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8337617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8337617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8337617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8337617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8337617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 198514.690476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198514.690476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 198514.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198514.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 198514.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198514.690476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                41492                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166592872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                41748                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3990.439590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.362395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.637605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8503072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8503072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7158204                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7158204                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18733                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18733                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17237                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17237                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15661276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       15661276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15661276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      15661276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       132851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          873                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       133724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       133724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       133724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       133724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16282417690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16282417690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     74909999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74909999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16357327689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16357327689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16357327689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16357327689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8635923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8635923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7159077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7159077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18733                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18733                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17237                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17237                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15795000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15795000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15795000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15795000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122561.498897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122561.498897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85807.558992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85807.558992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122321.555510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122321.555510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122321.555510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122321.555510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        91509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        92232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        92232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4255968510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4255968510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9967743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9967743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4265936253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4265936253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4265936253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4265936253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102945.394756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102945.394756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66451.620000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66451.620000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102813.464114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102813.464114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102813.464114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102813.464114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              491.343198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1014240113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2061463.644309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    36.343198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.058242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12451155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12451155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12451155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12451155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12451155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12451155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8953076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8953076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8953076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8953076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8953076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8953076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12451202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12451202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12451202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12451202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12451202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12451202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 190490.978723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190490.978723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 190490.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190490.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 190490.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190490.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7354171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7354171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7354171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7354171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7354171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7354171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 198761.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198761.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 198761.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198761.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 198761.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198761.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                36860                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              164383199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                37116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4428.903950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.474032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.525968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9929587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9929587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7379512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7379512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17951                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17951                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17309099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17309099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17309099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17309099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        94738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2160                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2160                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        96898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        96898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        96898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        96898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10092089450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10092089450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    147524055                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147524055                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10239613505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10239613505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10239613505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10239613505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     10024325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10024325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7381672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7381672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17951                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17951                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17405997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17405997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17405997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17405997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106526.308873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106526.308873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 68298.173611                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68298.173611                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105674.147093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105674.147093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105674.147093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105674.147093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       222804                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        24756                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        58091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        60038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        60038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3595334709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3595334709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     16637237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16637237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3611971946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3611971946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3611971946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3611971946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98107.204109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98107.204109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 78109.093897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78109.093897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97991.642594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97991.642594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97991.642594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97991.642594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              491.414847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1014240699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2061464.835366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.414847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.058357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12451741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12451741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12451741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12451741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12451741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12451741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8957091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8957091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8957091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8957091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8957091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8957091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12451790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12451790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12451790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12451790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12451790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12451790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182797.775510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182797.775510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182797.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182797.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 182797.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182797.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6788341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6788341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6788341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6788341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6788341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6788341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183468.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183468.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183468.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183468.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183468.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183468.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                36933                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              164380734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                37189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4420.143967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.474849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.525151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9930267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9930267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7376394                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7376394                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17306661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17306661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17306661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17306661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        94774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        96941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        96941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        96941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        96941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10097360455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10097360455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    144033812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    144033812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10241394267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10241394267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10241394267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10241394267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     10025041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10025041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7378561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7378561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17403602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17403602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17403602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17403602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106541.461319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106541.461319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66466.918320                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66466.918320                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105645.642886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105645.642886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105645.642886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105645.642886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       207707                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 29672.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8089                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8089                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        60008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        60008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3605148897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3605148897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     16191145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16191145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3621340042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3621340042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3621340042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3621340042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98179.436193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98179.436193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76014.765258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76014.765258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98051.608101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98051.608101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98051.608101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98051.608101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              528.485016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1016765064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1918424.649057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    38.485016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.061675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12307019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12307019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12307019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12307019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12307019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12307019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8051097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8051097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8051097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8051097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8051097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8051097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12307069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12307069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12307069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12307069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12307069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12307069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161021.940000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161021.940000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161021.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161021.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161021.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161021.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6448162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6448162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6448162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6448162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6448162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6448162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161204.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161204.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161204.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161204.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161204.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161204.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                72514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              181296531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                72770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2491.363625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.166616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.833384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8532197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8532197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7067961                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7067961                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19817                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19817                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15600158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15600158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15600158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15600158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       184092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       184905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       184905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       184905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       184905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22342936046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22342936046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     71005407                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71005407                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22413941453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22413941453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22413941453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22413941453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8716289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8716289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7068774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7068774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19817                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19817                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15785063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15785063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15785063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15785063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121368.316092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121368.316092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 87337.523985                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87337.523985                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121218.687721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121218.687721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121218.687721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121218.687721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            9352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       111712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        72380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        72514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        72514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7892349874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7892349874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9112033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9112033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7901461907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7901461907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7901461907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7901461907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109040.479055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109040.479055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 68000.246269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68000.246269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108964.640028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108964.640028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108964.640028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108964.640028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              516.109858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1011052299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1955613.731141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    41.109858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.065881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12356464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12356464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12356464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12356464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12356464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12356464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9610149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9610149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9610149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9610149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9610149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9610149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12356513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12356513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12356513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12356513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12356513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12356513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 196125.489796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 196125.489796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 196125.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196125.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 196125.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196125.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8118239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8118239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8118239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8118239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8118239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8118239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 193291.404762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193291.404762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 193291.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193291.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 193291.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193291.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                41470                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166590037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                41726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3992.475603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.363375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.636625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.911576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.088424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8502443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8502443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7155911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7155911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17232                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17232                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15658354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15658354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15658354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15658354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       132782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       133628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       133628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       133628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       133628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16241460633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16241460633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     73292037                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73292037                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16314752670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16314752670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16314752670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16314752670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8635225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8635225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7156757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7156757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17232                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17232                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15791982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15791982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15791982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15791982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122316.734444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122316.734444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86633.613475                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86633.613475                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122090.824303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122090.824303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122090.824303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122090.824303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8657                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8657                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        91459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        92158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        92158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        41323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        41470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        41470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4236604761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4236604761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9839020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9839020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4246443781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4246443781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4246443781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4246443781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102524.133316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102524.133316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66932.108844                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66932.108844                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102397.969158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102397.969158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102397.969158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102397.969158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              520.015699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1012179834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1939041.827586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.015699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.060923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12171742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12171742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12171742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12171742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12171742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12171742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8687233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8687233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8687233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8687233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8687233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8687233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12171793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12171793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12171793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12171793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12171793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12171793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170337.901961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170337.901961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170337.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170337.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170337.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170337.901961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6860998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6860998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6860998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6860998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6860998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6860998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171524.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171524.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171524.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171524.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171524.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171524.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                56186                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              172665711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                56442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3059.170671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.809458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.190542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.913318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.086682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8581089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8581089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7265958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7265958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17685                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17685                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15847047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15847047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15847047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15847047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       191373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3849                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3849                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       195222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       195222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       195222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       195222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24688152624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24688152624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    484833977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    484833977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25172986601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25172986601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25172986601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25172986601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8772462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8772462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7269807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7269807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17685                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17685                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16042269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16042269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16042269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16042269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 129005.411547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129005.411547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 125963.620941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125963.620941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 128945.439556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128945.439556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 128945.439556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128945.439556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        21233                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        21233                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           19719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       135347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       139036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       139036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        56026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        56186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        56186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5799476157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5799476157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11120995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11120995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5810597152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5810597152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5810597152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5810597152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103514.014154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103514.014154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69506.218750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69506.218750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103417.170683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103417.170683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103417.170683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103417.170683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
